During the drill, the team will run across the field.
The football team was running practice drills out on the grassy field.
the drill instructor made the team run the entire length of the field
A team runs down the field doing some drills.
The player decided to take a shot on goal, and he missed.
The exhausted football player needed to take one final shot at kicking a goal and managed to get the crowd to give him a standing ovation.
Due to the penalty, the player was allowed to take a shot on goal.
A soccer player takes a shot a goal
player takes a shot at goal
My dog likes to catch frisbees after I throw them.
A man throws away his dog's favorite frisbee expecting him to catch it in the air.
The dog will catch the frisbee when the boy throws it.
A dog leaps to catch a thrown frisbee.
The boy entered through the front of the restaurant and sat at the table to wait for his food.
The boy sat at the front of the table and waited for his food.
He used to sit in front of the table and eat his food.
The children take the food and sit down at the front of the table.
The man sat with his food at the front of the table.
The food is in front of you sit at the table.
a table of food sits in front of three people
A man sits in front of a shop sings so well through a microphone and plays amazing music with his guitar.
Watch the man sit in the front and play guitar while singing into the microphone.
The woman sits in the front to watch the band play guitar and sing into the microphone.
A man is sitting down playing a guitar in front of microphones.
The group will use the tool to make a piece of art out of metal.
I use a tool to cut a piece of metal out of the car.
The man used a piece of metal and the tools.
John uses a magnet to get that piece of metal, but he should use another tool since it is aluminium.
The man uses a tool to lift a piece of metal.
I walk the dog on a leash on the sidewalk.
Dog is leashed with rope by adult to teach him how to walk in the sidewalk
The woman walked her dog with a leash on the sidewalk.
Four dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk.
It is the artists' routine to perform music nightly on stage.
A group of people perform to music on a routine on stage.
The girl waited for the music to start to begin to perform her routine on stage.
Two young women perform a dance routine of stage to reggae music.
Let me demonstrate how to use this machine that can sew.
She used the sewing machine to demonstrate how well she could sew.
The girl will demonstrate how to use the sewing machine.
The teacher liked to demonstrate how to use the new machine to sew.
A person demonstrates how to use a sewing machine.
You need to cook the food in a pan on the stove, not leave it out in the sun.
Cook three bowls of spaghetti. Use the frying pan. The food is delicious. Careful, the stove is hot.
I cook my food using a pan, on the stove.
Food that was cooked in a pan on the stove. 
The player will wear a jersey while on the field.
The man was the last player on the field to wear that number jersey.
A soccer player wears a jersey on the field.
A footbal player is wearing a jersey on the field
The woman closed the door in order to open the refrigerator.
I can close and open the refrigerator door.
Close the refrigerator door because you left it open.
the girl was hungry so she went to open the door to the refrigerator because it was closed.
I proceeded to open the refrigerator door then abruptly close it.
A man opens a refrigerator and then closes the door.
The lady pushes the mower to mow her lawn.
A teenager mowed the lawn by pushing a mower.
I don't like mowing because I have to push the lawn mower very hard.
A child pushes a toy mower behind a man mowing a lawn
I will roast the marshmallow on a stick over the fire
A woman puts a stick through a marshmallow to roast it over the camp fire.
The kids will roast marshmallows over the fire on a stick.
roasting marshmallows on a stick over the open fire .
The couple sits at the table for dinner.
An old couple sat down at the dinner table to eat.
A couple has dinner while sitting at a table.
The couples are sitting at a table eating dinner.
While talking the woman put the lipstick on her lips.
She put lipstick on her lips while talking on the telephone.
the girl is putting pink lipstick on her lips and talking to the camera.
A man drives the car slowly because there is water on the road
Watch the car drive on the road towards the water.
He drives the car on the road while drinking water.
The girl did not drive the car down the road because if was flooded with water.
A car drives out of water and onto a black road.
Let's decorate the tree, we can put some music on in the background.
A woman decorates a tree while music plays in the background.
She played background music while she attempted to decorate the tree.
The boy is decorating a tree with music playing in the background.
A family decorates a Christmas tree while some music plays in the background
He hung the donut from a string so the bears could not eat it while he was camping.
The children had to eat the donuts that were hanging from the string without using their hands.
He will eat the donut and hang the balloon with a string.
Several young men eating donuts hanging from strings.
The boy rides his bike through the wood following a the trail.
I like to ride my bike on the trail in the woods by my house.
A family rode their bikes on a trail that went through the woods nearby their house.
The girl rides a bike on the trail in the woods.
A person riding a bike on a dirt trail in the woods. 
We took my Uncle's boat out onto the water to ride on the boogie board.
The family carried a board onto the boat and went for a ride on the water.
The man boards the boat so that he can ride it across the water to the small island.
He climbed on board the boat to ride through the water.
A boy rides on a board on the water behind a boat.
The man sat on his chair to eat his food.
A girl sits on a chair and eats food.
I sit on a chair while I eat my food.
A man sitting on a chair eating food.
I danced in front of an audience to music.
It was easier for the audience in front of the auditorum to see the dance and hear the music.
The front of the audience saw the dance and heard the music.
When the music in the front of house started to play, the audience began to dance.
A young girl is tap dancing to music in front of an audience.
He was able to score a goal and win the game
The team has scored lots of goals so they can win the game.
In order to win the game, the team has to score a goal.
The score was tied in the game until the last minute goal gave the home team the win.
The lady scores a goal to win the game.
During basketball practice the boy missed catching the ball and it hit a man standing at the side of the court.
The boy likes to stand outside and practice how to hit a ball with a baseball bat.
Dennis was told to stand still and hit the ball during practice.
Two kids stand at a tennis net practicing how to hit the ball.
The watermelon is cut in the kitchen with a knife.
A girl cut a watermelon with a knife in the kitchen.
A boy stood in the kitchen, cutting watermelon with a large knife.
A man cuts a watermelon with a knife in his kitchen.
The cook cracked an egg and separated the white from the yolk over a bottle.
Separate the white part from the yolk, then put the mixture in a bottle to sit.
My grandmother separated the yolks and the egg whites and then poured some vanilla from the bottle to add to the cake mix.
A person is separating egg yolk from the whites with a bottle
The track team practices running and throwing a javelin.
The boy runs and throw the javelin during track and field.
At the track meet, the young boy was in the javelin throw and the one mile run.
A man runs on a track and throws a javelin.
I talk on my cellphone as I walk down the street.
The business man talked into his cellphone loudly as he walked down the street.
A woman walks down a street and talks on her cellphone.
The boy talked on the cellphone while walking down the street.
A man walks down the street talking on his cellphone.
I flash a light as I dance to music.
the flash of the light made the dance music more inviting
The light flash as  people dance to the music.
A group of people dance to loud music under flashing lights.
The man held the guitar in his hand and moved his fingers up the neck of the guitar to make music.
The man moved his hand along the neck of the guitar.
The woman moved her hand up the neck of the guitar.
A man plays electric guitar moving his hands up the neck as he plays.
The dog gave chase to the ball and ran across the grass.
The dog chases the ball across the grass.
The dog will chase the ball on the grass.
A dog chases a ball in the grass.
The old lady loved to walk her dog along the beach in the sand every morning.
The dog walks on the sand at the beach.
He walked the dog in the sand on the beach.
The girl takes her dog for a walk on the beach and the dog plays in the sand.
I like to walk on the sand at the beach with my dog
Three dogs are walking along the sand on the beach.
He ran and jumped with the pole onto the mat.
The athlete made the run up and jumped over the pole landing on the mat with grace.
To reach the pole near the mat the boy had to run and jump over the chair.
A girl runs and jumps over a pole onto a mat.
A fisherman is fishing using the cast net from a boat, spreading in the water body
The fishing boat cast a huge net out into the water.
Jesus got on the boat and cast His net into the water.
A man casts a large net into the water off of a boat.
The man takes care not to get the wheel of his bike on the sidewalk when he rides.
A group of teenagers rides bike through sidewalks with its wheels on ride mode.
The boy wants to fix the wheel on his bike so he can ride one the sidewalk.
The boy rode the bike on the sidewalk after he decorated the wheel.
A little girl rides a bike with training wheels on a sidewalk.
I put the piece of fabric into the machine to sew.
The girl sews a piece of fabric on a machine.
If you are going to sew a piece of fabric, you should use the machine.
The woman fed a piece of fabric through the sewing machine and then began to sew a pair of socks
She used a machine to sew pieces of fabric together.
A woman sewing a piece of fabric with a sewing machine.
The man cuts his grass with a lawn mower that he can ride.
John rides a mower to cut the grass in his garden.
The man rides the mower to cut the grass.
A man rode his mower to cut the grass.
ride on mower cutting the grass
To decorate the tree for Christmas please put the red ornament on the tree.
The kids decorate ornaments and put them on the tree.
To decorate the tree, we put ornaments on it.
I decorate the tree by putting ornaments on it.
a Christmas tree being decorated by a man putting ornaments on
As the women approached the door, the women took hold of the knob, turned it and proceeded to open the door and enter the building.
He turned the knob on the door to open it.
Anyone with half a brain knows you can open a door by a simple turn of the knob.
A hand turns a knob and opens up a door
The girl will wear a dress when she stands on the sidewalk.
A girl wearing a dress stands on the sidewalk.
The woman wears a dress as she stands on the sidewalk.
Carrol saw a dirty but expensive dress on the sidewalk and decided to stand around to see if anyone took it, she really wanted to wash and wear it.
I stand on the sidewalk and wear a dress.
Two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk.
There is a fenced in area where my dog likes to run.
The fence area is for the dog to run aroud in.
A dog runs around an area enclosed by a fence
The dog ran around the area gaining speed until he had enough momentum to jump over the fence.
Running dog and cow in fenced area.
The man pours a drink from the bottle into the glass.
A waiter in a restaurant will often pour a bottle of beer, or other drink, into a glass.
The man with the bottle poured the drink into the glass as the moon set slowly behind him.
bottle pouring a drink into a glass
The woman stands in the bathtub to shave her legs.
A man shaves his leg while standing in a bathtub.
As I was standing near the bathtub, I realized I forgot to get a razor to shave my legs.
The girl will stand in the bathtub while she shaves her leg.
Woman standing near a bathtub while she shaves her legs.
The child will throw the object at a distance and it will spin.
The guy will have to spin, then throw the object a great distance.
The girl watched from the distance as the boy spun around and threw the object at the car.
A man is spinning around and throws an object into the distance.
The man stood at the front of the crowd to take the group picture.
I stand in front of the subject to take a picture.
Stand in front of us and take a picture.
The photographer stands in front of the group to take the picture.
A woman standing in front of a mirror taking a picture.
The boy sat down and smiled while he snapped his fingers.
The man sat in his chair and smiled while he snapped his fingers.
As the woman sits on her chair she smiles and snaps her fingers.
I taught my dog to sit when I snap my fingers and smile.
A guy is sitting on a curb, smiling and snapping his fingers.
The team competed on the field at the game.
A team of a group of guys want to compete in a game on the football field.
The game saw the teams competing to dominate the field.
Two teams compete on a football field in a lacrosse game.
Don't wear a shirt when you ride a scooter
He wears a shirt while riding his scooter to minimize injury if he falls.
The people wear the shirt while riding the scooter.
A boy wearing a green shirt rides a scooter down the sidewalk.
A dog runs through the trees and snow.
The dog ran around a tree in the snow.
The dog ran around the tree while out in the snow.
A black dog running in the snow by some trees.
The boys were jumping on the trampoline when the ball was thrown through our window.
The talented young sports enthusiast was capable of throwing a ball through a hoop whilst jumping on a trampoline.
I jump on the trampoline while you try to throw me the ball
He jump on the trampoline and throws the ball at the hoop.
ball jump throw trampoline
A man jumps on a trampoline while someone throws balls at him.
The clowns juggle balls with music in the background
At the circus, the clown juggles 3 balls while the music is playing in the background.
The man could juggle a ball set with music playing in the background.
A boy is juggling three balls with music in the background.
The man read the newspaper while drinking coffee.
The man is sitting at the cafe drinking coffee and reading the newspaper.
My dad likes to drink coffee when he reads the newspaper in the morning.
A man will drink coffee while he reads a newspaper.
A brunette woman drinks coffee and reads a newspaper.
The group will clap their hands while singing a song.
A woman claps both hands while singing a song.
A little girl is clapping her hands and singing a song.
A person can use a mop to clean the floor.
The woman uses a mop to clean the floor.
The girl will use a mop to clean the floor.
A small boy uses a mop to clean a wood floor.
The students had to stand at the the front of the class to give their presentations.
A man gives presentation standing in front of the audience.
A girl stood in front of the class to give a presentation.
A guy stands in front of a screen giving a presentation.
A girl is washing her hands with soap in the bathroom sink.
The girl uses soap to wash her hands at the sink.
The child washed his hands in the sink with soap.
I will wash each hand thoroughly with soap while at the sink
A woman washes her hands with hand soap in a sink.
The boy walks towards the tree with a rope tied around his waist.
A man was asked to walk towards the tree and tie the rope around it
A man could walk over to a tree and tie a rope around it.
A person is walking across a rope tied to two trees.
The woman adds the ingredients to the pan so she can fry them.
Add all the ingredients into the pan and fry everything.
Group of Guys preparing chicken fry in a pan and adding spicy ingredients
the ingredients are added to a frying pan.
The man walked his dog down the street at night
In the dark night a dog is walking on the street.
A man would walk his dog down the street at night.
Our dog needed a walk during the night so I took him out to the street to go pee.
Dogs walking across the street at night.
At the music festival we watched the crowd, in front of the stage, dance the whole time the band played.
The crowd likes to watch her dance to the music.
The crowd watched the dance, and listed to the music.
I watched as the crowd dance to the music.
A person dancing to the music as a crowd of people watch.
He use his knife to cut the piece of meat.
The meat is cut into pieces by a sharp knife before serving.
A boy cut a piece of meat with a knife for dinner.
Using a sharp knife, the man cut the meat into pieces and fried them in the pan.
A butcher takes a sharp knife and cuts a piece of meat.
The teenager could ride the surfboard with a sail on the water.
The man adjusts his sail as he rides his surfboard on the water.
The boy didn't know how to ride the rising waves with a surfboard.  The water was rising and becoming rough and if he were in his boat he would know how to best maneuver rough water by lowering his sail.
A man is riding a surfboard with a sail, on the water.
The Dance Academy had a group of girls dance in the background on stage to the music the band was playing.
In the music video, you can see a man dancing in the background on the stage.
Many famous music artists use background dance performers while on stage.
There is a music playing in the background. A group is performing a dance on the stage.
She has a background in dance, music, and stage.
Man dancing to music on a stage with a red background.
Apply shaving cream on the face.
Men  are very careful to shave their hair so they always apply shaving cream on face before they shave their face.
The man applies cream to his face and shaves.
A man applies shaving cream to the man's face.
The man lays down on the massage table and the therapist gives him a massage.
Lay down on the table and the masseuse will give you a neck massage.
The woman gives the man who lays on the table a massage.
A women is laying on a table, with a man giving her a massage.
The couple holds hands as they walk by the water.
the girl is walking holding in her hand a bottle of water
The couple hold hands while they walk by the water.
boys holding hands and walking in the water
The girl will wear a coat while walking on the sidewalk.
He decides to go for a walk & so wears is coat  but to his surprise the sidewalk is under construction.
A girl wearing a purple coat walked down the sidewalk while bouncing a ball.
Someone wearing a coat walks alone on the sidewalk.
The man will dig a hole to plant the tree.
The man dug a hole to plant the tree.
The man will dig a hole to plant the tree.
Dig a hole to plant the tree.
A man digs a hole to plant a tree.
the ski hill is covered in snow.
The snow fell and covered the hill so the group of guys could ski.
A hill where people ski is covered with snow.
A man skiing down a hill covered in snow.
The family sits at the table and lights the birthday candles on the cake.
The candle was lighting the room as they sat at the table.
The candle sitting on the table gave out enough light to read a book.
Two men sitting by a table lit with candles.
Fry batter in a pan, flip it with a spatula to make a pancake.
Granny flipped the pancake with the help of the handle of the pan which is kept on the stove for frying.
Flip the pancake in the pan then continue to fry it.
I flip the pan while I fry the pancake.
flipping pancakes in a frying pan
The boy played the tuba for the band. Go play on the soccer field. The current month is march. The chorus will perform a Michael Jackson song.
The girls in the band perform a march on the field.
A group of people in a marching band perform as they walk across the field.
A marching band performs on the field.
I had to hold my cat down to clip its nail.
The woman holds the cat while clipping its nails.
The vet had to hold the cat very still when attempting to clip it's nails.
A man holds the cats paw and starts clipping its nails.
A dog can perform tricks when his owner throws him the frisbee.
The dog performed tricks with a frisbee.
The dog needed to be trained how to catch a frisbee and to perform a trick.
The dog loves to perform tricks when you throw the frisbee for him.
He begins performing tricks with the dog using a frisbee.
An old lady taught a class that would demonstrate how to use a needle and yarn to knit.
The girl will demonstrate how to knit using a needle and yarn.
I demonstrate how to knit using a needle and yarn.
A woman demonstrates how to knit using needles and yarn.
The massive weight of the heavyset man pressed down intensely on the bench as his son played on the jungle gym.
The man pressed weights on the bench at the gym.
A woman bench presses a weight lying down at a gym.
Never sit next to an alligator and hold its mouth.
The biologist sits patiently while the alligator holds a prey in its mouth.
An alligator will sit in a pond and hold food in its mouth.
To feed the alligator, he will sit and hold its' mouth.
Man sitting on an alligator holding open it's mouth while talking.
The man cut a piece of wood to use in building a house.
The carpenter cut a piece of wood to be used as a handle.
She can use the saw to cut a piece of wood.
A man uses a tool to cut a piece of wood.
She had to put the last ingredient into the bowl, mix it, then pour it into the tray.
The Chef took the bowl, checked his cookbook for the right ingredients, mixed it all together and then poured it into a pan.
IN THE GREAT BOWL I POUR THE INGREDIENTS FOR MY FAVOURITE CAKE AND I MIX
Pour the ingredients into the bowl and mix by hand.
They pour ingredients into a large bowl and mix it together.
At work the worker wore a vest
I meat a worker in our building who start maintenance work and wears a yellow vest.
A worker that works here wears a black vest
The worker will wear a vest while he works.
Workers in the police field have to wear a vest to work.
I work with a worker who wears a vest.
Five workers wearing vests work outdoors.
It was the weekend, a large crowd of local teenagers, boys and girls, had gathered to watch the new band perform on stage at the local hall.
The band performs on the stage for the crowd.
A band perform on stage front of big crowd.
A band performs on stage to a crowd.
The workers sits down to eat lunch.
The workers sit down to eat their lunch.
The worker sits down at the table to eat his lunch during his break.
It was lunch time for the worker, the man had been working at the workshop for years and he would always go to the park next to his workplace to sit on the bench seat under the tree and eat his lunch.
A worker is sitting down eating lunch.
The man falls on the floor when he tries to sit on a chair.
The man tries to sit on the broken chair but he falls to the floor instead.
She was sitting in the big red chair and fell putting her face on the floor.
If you sit down carelessly on a chair, you may fall to the floor.
The woman didn't want to fall on the floor, so the woman sat in the chair.
A small boy sitting in a chair and fell over onto the floor.
The lady laid down in er bed to read the book before going to sleep.
I love laying in the bed & read a book all day.
I LAY MY NEW BOOK ON THE BED AND I READ ALL THE DAY
A woman laying in bed reading a book.
She sits on the bed to comb her hair.
The woman sat on the bed and combed her hair.
A woman asks her husband to sit on the edge of their bed and comb her hair.
The girl will sit on the bed when she combs her hair.
A young woman sits in bed combing her hair.
The girls draw with their marker on a piece of paper.
a marker is used to draw a car on a piece of paper
She can use the marker to draw on the piece of paper.
Draw something on a piece of paper using a marker.
A person is drawing on a piece of paper with a marker.
when those men ride a horse for the first time and lasso those cows
A cowboy can use a lasso to control a horse or cow in order to ride them.
The cowboy will lasso the cow while riding on the horse.
A man is riding a horse and trying to lasso a cow.
The boy got in trouble because he used spray paint to put words on the school wall.
He will spray paint this word on the wall.
spray words on the wall with paint
The wall had a huge word displayed on it in spray paint.
A young man spray paints some purple words on a wall.
The catcher will catch the ball the pitcher throws if the batter doesn't make contact.
Catcher catch and throw the ball to the wicket keeper.
The baseball player's throw was to hard for the catcher to catch the ball.
A catcher catches a ball and throws it at a baseball game.
A man walks down a street wearing a shirt
When you walk down the street at night, wear a light colored shirt.
The woman wears the shirt while she walks down the street.
A man wanted to wear his favorite shirt and take a walk down the street.
The man will wear a shirt while walking in the street.
I need to wear a shirt if I am going to walk down the street.
Several young women wearing tye-dye shirts walk down a street.
There is a bunch of guys can be seen in the house, who are engaged in sanding the floor of the house using sanders.
I'm going to sand the kitchen floor in my house, with the sander.
The lady uses the sander to sand the floor of the house.
A man sands a floor in a house with a electric sander.
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a chew toy.
The boy played tug of war with the dog's toy.
A little dog began playing with his rope toy as the other dog came and started to tug the rope it and then it became tug of war.
Two dogs playing tug-of-war with a toy.
While leaving his home to visit a friend, the teenage boy jumped over a pile of leaves that a woman had been raking.
A group of kids rake leaves in a pile and then they jump in them.
As soon as her dad finished raking the leaves, the little girl jumped into the pile.
A girl rakes leaves into piles to jump in.
The children likes to blow up bubbles and pop then in front of their faces.
Ronaldo decided to blow bubble gum, he tried to watch it pop but it went all over his face.
The girl wants to blow a bubble that will pop in her face.
A person blows a large bubble which then pops on their face.
The man rides a motorized scooter down the street.
A man motorizes his scooter and rides the scooter on the street.
The man rides the motorized scooter down the street.
Someone is riding a motorized scooter in the street.
In the bed, its hard not to laugh when you lay and get a tickle from the dog.
The child laughs as her parent tickles her while she lays on the bed.TiB
A teenager was tickled and laid in bed as he slowly fell asleep laughing.
Lay down on the bed and tickle me till I laugh!
The little girls liked to run and lay laughing on the bed as her sister tickled her.
The boy went to bed with a laugh. He was in stitches from the tickle, and needed to lay down.
A baby is laying down in the bed and laughing when being tickled.
A man continued smoking his cigarette, as he looked to the moon for security.
The girl looked around while she continued to smoke her cigarette.
The man looks like he will continue to smoke the cigarette.
The cigarette looked lit and continued to smoke.
you look like you are going to continue to smoke that cigarette.
Then she continues to smoke the cigarette while looking around.
The swimmer got into the pool to compete in a race.
The swimmer in the pool competes in the race.
The swimmer competed in the race at the pool
Swimmers competing in a race in a pool.
The teenager will catch a wave in the ocean while on his surfboard.
People like to catch waves on their surfboard on the ocean.
A surfer on a surfboard catching a wave at the ocean.
When I eat food from my plate, I stuff my face.
the man is looking at his wife's face as he eat his food on his plate
I eat big plate of  food facing me.
The child eats his food by planting his face in the plate in front of him.
A person is eating food while putting his face in the plate.
The player gracefully dribbles the ball on the court.
The player will dribble the ball down the court.
The basketball player dribbles the ball down the court.
Basketball players dribbling ball, defending court
The lady will demonstrate how to straighten hair with an iron.
She used to straighten her hair to demonstrate how to do it with a flat iron.
The woman demonstrates how to straighten her hair with the flat iron.
A flat iron is used to demonstrate how to straighten hair.
The ball rolled down the alley after the boy hit it with the bat.
The boy hit the ball into the alley and it rolled.
At bowling alley I roll the ball and hit a strike.
A girl was hit by a ball that rolled through the alley.
A man rolling a ball to hit five balls in a bowling alley.
The girl brushes her teeth in front of the mirror.
The girl brush her front tooth while looking in the mirror.
The teenage girl stood infront of the mirror and brushed her teeth and hair before going to wait at the front gate of her home to meet friends.
A man brushes his teeth in front of a mirror.
The dog leaps into the air to catch the thrown ball.
The dog leaped into the air to get the ball.
The dog can leap in the air for the ball.
A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.
A man ride on a camel towards on the top of a hill leading g group of followers behind him.
The man would ride the camel to the top of the hill, taking the lead.
The camel lead the group to the top of the hill for a ride.
The boy riding on top of the camel is leading the group.
when you ride on top of a camel for the first time you arent going to be in the lead
Two people are seen riding on top of camels with a man leading in front.
Jump over the retaining wall and run to the stage, at that point you can perform whatever track you want.
To perform well, Jack will have to run and jump over the hurdles on the track.
The girl will perform a run and jump combination on the track.
The girl jumps and runs as she performs at the track.
A group of runners perform on the track, jumping and running during a track meet.
A person runs down a track and performs a long jump.
The dog like to roll on its back on the grass.
The dog rolled on its back on the grass.
The dog can roll through the grass out back.
A dog rolls on his back in the grass.
A man will sit or stand during a game when watching their favourite team.
The parents sat in the stands and watched their son play a game.
He can choose to sit or stand to watch the game.
James sat down to watch the football game while dorthoy stood up.
peolpe are sitting on stands watching the game.
The girl sat in the chair so the as the beautician cut her hair.
The woman sat in the chair to get her hair cut.
An adult woman sits in the chair so that her hair can be cut.
A woman sitting in a chair getting her hair cut.
The pitcher throws the ball, and the batter hits a home run!
During the world series, the pitcher threw the ball, and the batter struck out.
The pitcher will throw the ball to the batter.
A pitcher throws a ball at a batter.
The teenager applied makeup to her face using a brush.
The actress used the brush to apply makeup to her face.
Apply the brush to do the face makeup.
A woman applies makeup to her face with a brush.
The teenager did not want to wear the helmet his mother gave him to ride his bike.
A boy is wearing a helmet while riding his bike.
The boy wore a helmet while riding his bike.
man riding a bike wearing a helmet.
A group of young girls jump into the air and smile, they all wear a blue shirt.
If you wear my shirt, it will make you want to jump in the air!
The boy wears the shirt and jumps in the air.
I jump in the air while wearing a shirt.
The air was dry, the wind made the shirt that i wear jump off my skin.
person jumps in the air wearing a shirt
During a football game, players catch and throw a ball while on the field.
He can catch and throw a football the length of the field.
A player catches a football from the quarterback who throws to the far side of the field.
A boy playing football on the field, after catching the ball, throw towards team
A man is walking accross a field and catching footballs being throw to him
The woman dismounted the horse by throwing her arm into the air.
The man throws his arms in the air while dismounting from the horse.
He dismounts, throwing his arms up in the air.
The teenager runner in the race had a crowd of people who lined the streets to cheer him on during his run.
The runner runs down the street during the race.
The runner is to run to the final street during the race.
Runners running a race on the street.
The sailor demonstrated how to tie various knots with rope.
He demonstrates  how to tie a knot using rope.
He demonstrates how to tie a knot using rope.
Let me demonstrate how to tie a rope in a knot.
A man demonstrates how to tie knots with rope.
You can sit at the table with beer and glass.
When we sat down at the table, the waitress brought over some glasses and poured the beer.
He used to sit at the table and drink a glass of beer.
I was sitting at my dinner table, drinking a glass of beer at the end of the meal.
It's nice to sit at a table and drink a glass of beer.
girl sitting at a table with glasses of beer .
The man rides horse as he chases the bull.
The cowboy riding the horse chased after the bull in the field.
A bull is riding a woman and chasing a horse.
The bartender fills the customer's glass with the beer that is on tap.
The bartender proceeded to fill my glass with beer from the tap.
The bartender filled a glass of beer from the tap.
I opened the tap to fill the glass with beer
The bartender filled the glass from the beer tap.
A bartender is filling a glass of beer from a tap.
A young woman pushed the grocery cart, that held her toddler, into the store to shop.
A mom sat her toddler in the cart, to push her into the store.
The toddler struggles to push the cart around the store.
A toddler is pushing a shopping cart around the store.
A boy was walking the street and fell in the snow.
A man walking his young puppy down the street, stopped for a moment as snow began to fall from the sky.
A woman falls on the snow as she walks across the street.
If you fall in the snow, walk up the street to the coffee shop they have hot drinks and a fireplace.
Snow falls as someone walks along a New York street.
Instead of blowing on the pipe, Hunter decided to smoke the tobacco smoke.
The grandfather will blow smoke from his pipe as he smokes it.
A man was smoking from a pipe and making circles when he would blow out the smoke.
The teen smokes from the pipe and blows out smoke.
a man smoking from a hookah pipe and blowing smoke.
While jumping and running down the track, the boy fell in the sand.
He had to run track in the sand and jump over bars.
The man runs the truck on the sand track and jumps over the hole.
I always track my steps as I jump and run on the sand at the beach.
The group of guys will have to run to the sand pit, jump into it, then finish the running the track.
He runs down a track and jumps in the sand.
While dancing, the girl will shake her head to the music.
The music plays in my head, makes my shoulders shake and feet dance.
The fun, upbeat music makes the girl want to wiggle, shake her head, and dance around the room.
A young person dances to music while shaking their head.
The children will sit on the floor while eating their snack.
A teachers group of kids likes to sit in the floor and eat their snack.
The child sits on the floor and eats a snack
Children sitting on the floor eating snacks.
Please do not feed the fish in the pond any food.
My sister feeds food to the fish that swim in that pond.
The woman throws leftover food into the pond to feed the fish.
People are feeding food to koi fish in a pond.
The man uses his body to paddle the kayak in the water.
The group of friends went to kayak at a large body of water using a paddle.
The man used his upper body strength to paddle the kayak in the water.
Three men on a kayak paddling on a body of water.
Hold the sheep while I shave off the wool.
A man held the sheep, to shave its wool.
The man holds the sheep while it's wool is shaved off.
The man shaves the sheep and holds the wool.
Hold the sheep still while I shave the wool.
A man holds a sheep down as he shaves off the wool.
A man I've never seen decided to drop the weight he was lifting and scratch his head, he then picked it back up and continued.
The man lifted and dropped his head sadly as if the weight of the world was on his shoulders.
The head football coach dropped to the ground when he put weight on his knee and was lifted onto a stretcher.
A young teen boy lifts weights above his head and drops them.
I cut the skin off the pineapple with my knife
The man cut the skin from the pineapple with a knife.
A woman cuts the pineapple skin with a knife.
The chef uses his knife to cut the skin off of a pineapple.
A man is cutting the skin off a pineapple with a knife.
the table stand the dog and the groom
Dogs stand quietly on the table when being groomed.
Two  dogs was standing on the table while they were  being groomed
An elderly lady listens to the music while running on the treadmill.
The girl listens to music while she runs on the treadmill.
While exercising on her treadmill the woman always listened to music while running for 30 minuites everyday.
While running on the treadmill, I listen to music.
A man runs on a treadmill while listening to music.
A boy used a rope to climb to the ceiling and hang.
While staring at the ceiling, a man imagines he hangs from a mountain cliff while climbing with a rope.
Hang onto the rope and climb all the way to the ceiling.
The woman climbed the ladder, she wanted to hang a rope basket from the ceiling, she screwed the hook into the ceiling and looped the rope basket over the hook, it was the perfect place to put her pot plant.
Two men are climbing up ropes hanging from a ceiling.
A group of dancers are rocking the stage by beating the floor with amzing dance,wearing amazing costumes.
The dancer danced across the stage wearing a smile on her face.
Two dancers are wearing white and dancing on a stage.
The manager allowed the workers to take a break from work.
The worker took a break for ten minutes and then returned to working hard.
The worker took a break after working.
A worker takes an ice water break after working on the roof.
Mark tried to pull the alligator's tail when it came out of the water.
The lady pulls the alligator from the water by the tail.
The alligator pulled his tail out of the water.
A man pulls an alligator out of the water by it's tail.
She keeps a bucket under the cow & draws milk with her hand.
the man is putting cow milk in the bucket like hand
The woman milking the cow by handed directed it into a bucket.
The farmers hand the bucket to the milkmaid so she can milk the cow.
A man walked to the barn with a bucket to get fresh milk for breakfast, he was a farmer and milked his cow, Daisy, by hand every morning.
A man demonstrates milking a cow by hand into a bucket.
The boy riding the bicycle, fell on the ground.
The girl went for a bicycle ride and saw the leaves fall on the ground.
A boy fall on the ground when ride bicycle.
A person is riding a bicycle and fall down on the ground
The man performed a tricep pull down exercise at the gym
The weightlifter pulled down on the gym's weight machine to exercise his triceps.
A man at the gym bends down to pick up weights and pulls them up to work on his tricep muscles.
A guy doing cable triceps pull downs in the gym
The street party offered exquisite costumes for people to wear and dance in.
The girl will wear a costume to dance in the street.
The girl wears a costume for dancing in the street before a crowd.
Women dancing in the street wearing beautiful costumes.
The man asks for money by holding a sign.
A woman asks a boy to hold a sign and pays him money.
He asked the teller to hold his money while he signed the receipt.
A man is asking for money by holding a sign.
I will find a mushroom while I take a walk in the woods.
A boy walks through the woods to find mushrooms for dinner.
The man walks near the wood and finds mushrooms.
A man walks into the woods and finds mushrooms.
A man walking in the woods finds an unidentifiable mushroom.
The pencil is sharpened using the sharpener until it is like a drill.
Ed went to sharpen his pencil in the sharpener, the sound it made was like a rusty drill.
The drill in the sharpener sharpens the pencil.
A person is using a drill to sharpen their pencil in a sharpener.
A man chops and cuts vegetables using a knife and a cutting board.
I took out a cutting board to chop and cut up some meat with my knife.
we use the cutting board with a knife  to  cut the chicken and chop some galic to cook .
I'll cut and chop vegetables on the board with my knife
chopped apples on a cutting board with knife
I had to sit down at the table to shake the nonsense from my head.
The angry man sat at the table and shook his head.
A lady will sit at the table and shake her head.
A baby is sitting at a table and shaking his head no.
Sherrol took a stand and jumped the fence, someone had to feed this goat.
The boy stand next to the fence and feeds the goat.
I can feed the goat standing behind the fence.
Two people stood hand the fence and fed the goat.
The children preferred to jump into the pool rather than swim in the water.
The girl likes to jump into the pool because she likes to swim in the water.
Boys and girls jump into the pool of water to play and swim.
a boy jumping into water in swimming pool
I put shave cream on my leg.
The cream was put on her leg after it was shaved.
She put shave cream on her leg.
The lady put cream on her leg and proceeded shaving it.
She puts shaving cream on her legs in order to shave more smoothly.
A man puts shaving cream on and shaves his legs.
The man had to hang over the building to wash the window.
The workers wash the windows of the building hanging from the roof.
The man had to hang on ropes and pulleys in order to wash the windows of the building.
Window washers hang from a building, washing windows.
The man at the fruit market sold his dying vegetables for a fraction of the price.
A man sells fruits and vegetables at the market.
A lady in the market sells fruits and vegetables
selling fruit and vegetable at the market
The girl likes to dance in the room and perform music.
We danced in the guest room to music performed by Barry White.
A man is practicing his dance routine in the music room, because he will be performing later this week.
The music in the room was loud so the dance team could perform.
A ballerina is in a room with music and performing a dance..
The boy holds in his hand the shirt he usually wears.
A man holds in his hand a shirt he intends to wear.
A woman held out a shirt with her hand before deciding to wear it.
The boy held his shirt he wore yesterday in his hand.
A man wearing a shirt holding a object in his right hand.
Sometimes a child takes a break in the middle of a long bike ride.
To exercise ride a bike and make sure to take a break every hour for safety.
The nasty boy will take your bike, ride it into a ditch, and break it.
A woman takes a break from riding her bike.
The girl blows out the candles on her birthday cake at the party.
A boy celebrated his birthday by blowing a candle and cutting a cake
A woman blew out the candles on the birthday cake.
boy blows candles on the cake on his birthday
A boy rides his bike over a ramp and falls off the bike.
She will ride her bike up the ramp and hope not to fall.
The girl rode her bike up the ramp and fell.
He fell off his bike trying to ride up the ramp
A boy rides off a ramp with his bike and falls.
This dog enjoys running with a ball in its mouth.
The dog runs to the ball and picks it up in his mouth.
Our dog picked up the ball in his mouth and decided to run off.
a dog running with a ball in its mouth
The owner throws the dog’s ball.
The owner threw the ball for the dog.
It was amazing, we watched this dog throw a ball to his OWNER.
a dog runs after ball thrown by owner.
A man sits on the bench to read the paper.
The old man likes to sit on the bench and read his morning paper.
A man reads from a paper while he sits on a bench.
A man sitting on a bench reading a paper.
The dog runs down the path past the bush.
The dog ran to the bush beside the path.
I had to run after my dog down the path and through the bush.
The dog was running off the path and into the bush.
Yellow dog running through bushes on path.
The girl went on a run down the field and had to jump the hurdle.
The teams run in a field and jump over the hurdle placed there.
Tommy took a run around the field, then jumped the hurdles.
The teenager, running through the field saw a hurdle and jumped over it with ease.
A boy is running and jumping a hurdle in a field.
The boy used his hand to mead a piece of the dough and then roll it into a ball.
She loved to cook, but the woman liked to make her pies by hand, she would make the dough, cut it into two pieces and roll them out, one piece for the base of the pie and one piece for the top.
The lady will roll each piece of dough out by hand.
A man needs to roll a piece of dough with his hand to prepare the pizza crust.
Tow hands roll small pieces of dough out with a rolling pin.
The goal of discus is to spin and throw a disc across the field.
The track star had to spin to throw the discus down the field.
A man on a field spun around and throw a discus.
The players on the team pass the ball to each other to win the soccer game.
During the game, the team passes the ball each other.
Ball game team pass.
The team passed the ball and scored in a lacrosse game.
when you go for a walk the wall is covered in graffiti
As the man walks to work he notices that the wall next to him is covered in graffiti.
The group will have to walk five blocks to find the graffiti wall and cover it.
A man walks by a wall covered in graffiti.
In a game a man hits the tennis ball.
The tennis ball was hit by Tim who won the game!
The player hit the tennis ball hard to win the game.
A man playing  a game of tennis hitting a ball
The group of friends sat around a campfire to roast marshmallows and tell stories.
The children sit by the campfire and roast marshmallows.
A woman is sitting at a campfire and roasting a marshmallow.
The girl saw the couple holding hands as they walked down the street.
A couple hand in hand went to the main street to walk downtown
The couple walked down the street holding hands.
couple walking on the street and holding hands
The dog will take a nap on the bed.
A boy watched his dog take a nap on his bed.
The dog takes a nap on the bed.
The dog is taking a nap on a bed.
The worker takes a lunch break to eat his sandwich.
On his break, the worker ate a sandwich.
Whenever I eat a sandwich at a Bronx restaurant, I call my friend Tim who is a worker to go out with me and enjoy some break dancing.
A female worker went to eat her sandwich during her lunch break.
Workers are eating sandwiches on break.
The boy rolled the dice and moved his game piece on the playing board.
A man rolled a dice and moved his board piece.
Kids usually roll two pieces of dice together to move forward in snake ladder game.
A boy demonstrates moving a monopoly piece after the dice are rolled.
It is difficult and dangerous to ride a bike down hill in the snow.
It is difficult to ride a bike up a hill and worse if there is snow on the ground.
I would like to ride my bike over the hill, but there is too much snow.
The girl rode the bike down the hill in the snow.
A person is riding a mountain bike down a hill in deep snow
Sausage sometimes rolls around in the pan when it is cooking.
The adult cooks sausage in the pan to go with rolls.
The sausage rolls while cooking in the pan.
someone rolling sausages on a pan repeatedly while cooking them
The man will coat the pin with flour when he rolls the dough.
The grandmother sprinkled flour on the counter and used a pin to roll the dough.
A woman is rolling dough made of flour with the rolling pin.
Woman dusting rolling pin with flour and then rolling out dough.
A group of guys is throwing a ball into a cup on the table.
I throw the ball into the cup on the table.
The girl will throw the ball into the cup on the table.
The boy likes to throw his ball into a cup on the table.
Do not throw the ball near the cup that is located on the table.
The man begins throwing balls into cups around a table.
A Boy took a donkey ride on a cart which pulled him around.
A donkey can pull a cart so people can ride on it.
The farmer used the donkey to pull the old cart that the children were riding in.
A man riding a cart pulled by a donkey.
He laid the weights down after lifting on the bench.
The man lays on a bench to lift weights.
You have to lay on the bench, and then lift the weight to bench-press.
A boy laying back on a bench and he is lifting weights.
During the game, the quarterback will throw a pass.
A quarterback in the game of gridiron must make a pass in which they will throw the ball.
a boy pass and throw the ball to end the quarterback football game
the quarterback throwing a pass in a football game .
The man rides a bike on a path, when the man reaches the road the man dismounts and walks his bike.
He saw a stranger ride his bike up the road and into the city, so he took a walk to the police station to report it.
The woman rode her bike down the road instead of walking.
A man walking while his two children ride bikes down the road
The player threw the ball across the field to make the final play of the baseball game.
During the softball game, the girl will throw the ball across the field to the other player.
Baseball player throwing a ball on a field
The sewing machine needle needs to be threaded before you can sew.
She threaded the needle to sew with the machine.
I use needle and thread to sew rather than machine
You can use a machine to sew clothes with a needle and thread.
I prefer to sew with needle and thread over a machine.
threading the needle in a sewing machine
A dog is scrubbed with soap and water in the bathtub.
The woman scrubbed dog with soap and water.
The dog did not like being scrubbed with soap and water.
A man scrubs a large dog with soap and water.
The girl rinses her hands before turning off the faucet.
The boy turns on the faucet and rinses his hands.
The man decided to turn the faucet on to rinse his hand.
They turn the faucet on and rinse their hands off.
The man shifts the gear in his car so he can drive it up the hill.
In order to drive, my brother had to shift the car into a different gear.
I drive a manual car, so I need to shift gears.
When driving a car with a manual transmission, one must use the clutch to shift gears.
A man shifts his car through multiple gears while driving.
STEP TO THE SIDE OF THE STREET: PARADE IN PROGRESS, WATCH AND ENJOY.
The boy was on the side of the street to watch the parade.
A girl sat on the side of the street to watch a parade.
Many people are watching a parade on the side of a street.
The boy will ride the horse and carry a flag.
The soldier riding the horse carried the flag during the parade.
The soldier rode the horse while carrying the flag.
Men ride on horses while carrying flags.
It was club day at the Golf Course, a group of guys had gathered at the tee waiting to each take their turn to hit the ball and make their way around the 18 hole course.
The players hit the ball around the whole course before returning to the club house.
It was a beautiful day at the golf club, a group of guys walked out on to the course and the tallest one tee'd up his ball and hit it towards the green.
golf club about to hit a golf ball on the course
A woman stands at the front of the building wearing a dress.
Wear a raincoat if you are going to stand in front of the building because it will rain!
The sign spinner was standing in front of the building, wearing athletic clothes.
The man told her to stand out front and wear the hoodie with the buildings logo on it.
A man wearing a suit standing in front of a tall building.
The boy marches in the parade while he play is band instrument.
The band played their instruments while marching in the parade.
All of the instruments in the band will march in the parade.
I love to watch a parade where the men march & play band & instrument at the same time.
A band marches down the street playing instruments in a parade.
Teenagers brush their hair regularly by looking at the mirror.
She is looking in a mirror while she brushes her hair.
The girl brushed her hair while looking in the mirror.
A woman looked in the mirror while brushing her hair.
girl looking to the mirror while brushing her hair
The student stands at the train's platform waiting for the train to get her to class on time.
The lady will stand on the platform when waiting for the train.
Two teenagers stood on the platform watching pigeons eat crumbs along the tracks as they waited for the train to arrive.
A man stands on the platform waiting for a train.
The worker used a tool to apply plaster to the wall.
Go ahead and apply plaster to the wall, but make sure you use the right tool.
Mary used the tool to apply the plaster to the wall.
A man applies plaster to a wall with tools.
The girl will perform on stage in front of an audience.
She was performing on stage for the first time, the woman was nervous, there was a large audience out front, what if I forget my lines, she thought to herself.
The actors that perform sometimes choose an audience member from the front row to come on stage.
She performs on the stage in front of the audience with great courage.
Four men perform on stage in front of an audience.
A cowboy ropes a calf at a rodeo.
The cowboy lead the calf away from the rodeo with a rope around his neck.
cowboy roping a calf at rodeo .
A man sits in the chair to shave his beard & keeps his head relaxed.
A soldier sits in a chair and has his head shaved.
Will you sit in the chair so I can shave your head?
The man sits in a chair as so that the barber can shave the man's head.
The patron sits in the barber's chair and requests that he shave their head.
A woman sits in a chair while a man begins to shave her head.
A group of children fold paper while sitting at a table during an arts and crafts time.
He folded the paper and sat at the table.
A boy folds paper airplanes as he sits at a table.
The man folds the paper and sits at the table.
A person, sitting at a table folding a piece of paper.
She laughed at his face as he put his foot in his mouth.
The lad put his foot on his face and laughed.
The boy laughed as he put his foot to his face.
The child laughs as he realized he put his foot in his dad's face.
A toddler puts their foot up to their face and then laughs.
A boy runs on the grass and kicks the ball down the field.
Soccer is a sport which has players running on grass and kicking a ball.
The soccer player runs on the grass field and kicks the ball.
Run in the grass and kick the ball.
A guy is running through grass kicking a soccer ball.
The ball is thrown by players on opposing teams.
The team opposed the color of the ball the player brought.
The team did not oppose the player hitting the ball out of the park.
The two players kicking the ball are on opposing teams.
I hit the ball while I ride the horse.
The polo player, mounted atop his horse, hit the ball with his mallet while riding at pace.
After you ride the horse, you must hit the ball at least 100 yards.
The polo player riding the horse, hit the ball.
A polo player riding a horse and hitting a ball
a girl riding a bike is listening to music
The girls listens to music while she rides her bike.
The boy listens to music while riding his bike.
A man rides his bike while he listens to country music.
You can listen to music whilst riding a bike if you have headphones.
A man rides a bike and listens to music.
Hold the ball there for me, so that I can hit it with my racket.
The boy holds the racket and hits the ball.
The man hit the ball with his tennis racket while holding his towel.
Hold the ball then hit it with your racket.
a man holding a racket ready to hit the ball
The ball hit the wall and then my shirt, leaving a silhouette of basketball-shaped dust on it.
After the pickup ball game, shirts versus skins, the men lined up against the bathroom wall waiting for their turn to hit the showers.
He threw the ball at his brother, but instead it hit the shirt hung on the wall.
The ball bounced off the wall and hit the shirt.
The man in the red shirt hits the ball against the wall.
when I cook on the grill, I usually splatter food on the shirt that I wear
The teenager liked to cook on his dad's grill while wearing his mother's shirt and skirt.
The man wears a pink shirt while he cooks a few burgers on the grill.
Her father likes to wear his favorite "Kiss the chef" shirt when he cooks on the grill outside.
A person wearing a red shirt is cooking on a grill.
A  boy was surfing on the water and as he was trying to jump a wave i saw his board flip.
A board flips after a surfer jumps off of it into the water.
The flip the surf board took after Jim jumped over the wave splashed water everywhere.
The teen boy flips, jumps, and uses the diving board to have fun in the water at the pool.
People are doing flips off of jumping boards into the water.
A man lifts weights in front of the mirror.
The weight of the mirror made lifting the front quite difficult.
I lift the weight in front of the mirror.
He was a bodybuilder, it was hard work but everyday the man stood in front of the mirror watching his muscles flex as he lifted the weights.
He stands in front of the mirror & lifts the weight.
At a gym a man lift weights in front of a mirror.
The girl performed many exercises at the gym, including jumping rope.
The man performs the rope climbing exercise at the gym.
The coach encouraged her team to exercise in the gym, do their stretching outdoors, and take part in activities like rope climbing to sharpen their moves before they perform in front of an audience.
He went to the gym and used the rope to perform exercises.
A man in a gym uses heavy ropes to perform exercises
The horse jockey took a ride before the race.
Jockeys ride horses during races.
Jockey rides the horse in the race.
Jockeys ride horses during a race.
The dog used his mouth to  retrieve the stick from the water..
The dog is wading through the water with a stick in its mouth.
The dog fetched a stick out of the water and carried it in its mouth.
dog running in water with stick in mouth
A woman looks the mirror during the makeup before apply to the job
The woman looks in the mirror to apply makeup.
The performers look in mirrors and apply their makeup.
A woman applies makeup while she looks in the mirror.
The woman stood infront of the mirror to apply her makeup, it had been a long time since she had been out to dinner on a date and she wanted to look her best.
A girl is looking at the mirror while she applies makeup.
A woman is looking into a mirror and applying makeup.
The bird flies to the stick that the man is holding in his hand.
The woman keeps the bird from flying away by holding it in her hand.
If a person tries to hold a bird in their hand, it is likely to fly away.
I cannot hold a bird in my hand because it can fly.
hand holding a feather fallen from a bird flying away
The group of women sat at the table while talking and eating.
During dinner,the family usually sits at the table and talks and eats at the same time.
Two men sat down at a table to eat while they talked.
people sitting at restaurant tables talking and eating 
A man will cook an egg & fry it in a pan.
You can cook or fry an egg in a non-stick pan.
The woman used the pan to cook a fried egg.
The wamn cooks the egg by frying it in the pan.
A little girl is cooking eggs in a frying pan.
The kid kicks the ball in the field
THAT KID KICKS HIS BALL IN THE FIELD IN FRONT OF THE SCHOOL
The kid kicks the ball into the field at school during a game.
I see a kid kicking a ball on the field.
a couple of kids are kicking a ball in a field
The player hit the ball and then proceeded to run.
The player will run to the bases after he hits the ball.
The boy hit the ball to the other player, then told them to run.
The players hit the ball and made a run for first base.
A tennis player runs to hit the ball.
A man Riding a horse in a field was playing polo.
A rich snob likes to ride a horse in a field, and play polo, while other people starve.
The rider rides a horse while playing polo on the field.
Men riding horses are playing polo on a grass field.
Swimmers shaves his legs using razor.
I used the razor to shave my leg
A boy uses a razor to shave his legs.
Shave the leg using razor.
She then uses a razor to shave her legs.
A man is sitting on a chair and relaxing, while listening to classical music.
The children love to sit in chairs and listen to music.
The girl will sit in the chair and listen to music.
A person is sitting on a chair while listening to music.
The sisters played a game of rock, paper, scissors.
The kids played a game of rock, paper, scissor.
Two men play a game of rock, scissors, and paper.
I sit in the chair with a glass of wine and wear my hat.
The girl was wearing her best dress when she sat in the chair while holding a glass of milk.
The patient in the office sat on the chair, drank from a glass and had to wear appropriate garments.
A group of ladies wear glass slippers and sit on  chairs.
The man sitting in the chair is wearing glasses.
He will use the wrench to loosen the bolt.
The mechanic loosened the bolt using his wrench.
A man used a gigantic wrench to loosen a bolt of equally stunning size.
She uses a allen key wrench to loosen up the bolt.
The Man  is sitting in a cafe and drinking coffee.
I sit in the cafe and drink my coffee.
She likes to sit at the cafe and drink coffee.
The adult will sit in the cafe to drink coffee.
2 women sit in a cafe drinking coffee
The boy puts his hand on the wheel to drive the car.
I put my left hand on the wheel and put the car in drive
The man driving the car turns the wheel with his hands to go round the corner.
The man drove the car with his hand on the wheel.
a man driving a car with his hand on the wheel
The skateboarder ordered his friend to take a picture of the trick.
This picture I take today represents a boy who is trying to do a trick with is skateboarder
A girl takes a picture of a skateboarder doing a trick.
A skateboarder does tricks while his friend takes pictures.
The man's talks and demonstrates how to sharpen the knife.
The chef talked while demonstrating how to sharpen a knife.
While talking a man demonstrates how to sharpen a knife.
one woman is standing talking and are demonstrating how to sharpen a knife.
A man reads a book while sitting in a chair.
The teenager sat in his chair and read the book from front to back.
Men usually sit in chair to read the books.
when I sit in my favorite chair, I find it hard to not read a book
If you sit down in my chair, I will find you a nice book to read.
I like to sit on a chair to read my book.
I sit on the chair and read my book.
man sat in a chair reading a book
The boy laughed as he teared the paper on the front of the notebook.
The boy in the front row accidentally let out a laugh when his finished paper got a tear.
The girl laughed as she tore the paper in front of her teacher.
Reading news on the front of a paper can make you laugh or tear up and cry.
A baby laughs as a paper is torn up in front of it.
She sat down at the table to wrap the present.
I need to sit at a table to wrap presents.
It is fun to sit around the table and wrap Christmas presents.
A girl sits at a table with many finished wrapped presents.
Hold the mirror to paint the face with the color.
The woman holds the mirror and paints her face.
Hold the mirror to your face and paint a self portrait!
A woman holds up a mirror after painting a child's face.
the dog ran with its tongue hanging out.
The dog was so tired from running that his tongue hung out of his mouth.
A boy's dog ran with his tongue hanging out.
A dog running with tongue hanging out.
My dog can jump off the dock into the water.
A dog jumps off the dock and into the water.
The dog will jump from the dock into the water.
That man owns a dog that likes to jump off the boat dock into the water when he goes sailing.
A black dog jumping off a dock into water.
The sports star had to swing the bat to hit the ball.
The girl swings her bat and hits the ball.
She stood at the plate with a bat as i saw her swing she hit the ball out of the field.
The pitcher was amazed at the sound of the swing of the bat after it hit the ball.
The bat swung by a child hits a ball
The dog carries the toy over the grass.
The dog carries a toy through the grass.
The dog carries its toy across the grass.
A black dog carries a toy on the grass.
A boy shoveled snow to clear a space to park the car.
Before the woman parks her car, she must shovel the snow out of her driveway.
The car was parked until the man shoveled the snow.
A man is shoveling snow that is between two parked cars.
The spotter will  help the man lift the weight.
The spotter helps the man lift weights safely.
The spotter helps the woman lift the weights.
I asked my spotter to help lift the weight if I had troubles.
a man lifts some weights and their spotter helps them
After being yelled at for standing on the bar, the man jumps down and lands on a floor mat.
The gymnast jumps from the bar and lands on the mat.
The gymnast jumps onto a bar, swings, and then lands on a mat.
He jumps over a bar and lands on a mat.
On the bike ride, the couple was surrounded by trees.
The grass that surrounds the tree is so thick that the boy cannot ride his bike through it.
The boy rides his bike down the path, surrounded by trees.
Men ride loud dirt bikes down a trail surrounded by trees.
The man used a hammer to hit the tire because he was angry he could not fix it.
The boy uses a hammer to hit the tire.
the man use the hammer to hit the tire
I would use the hammer to hit the tire.
A guy uses a hammer to hit a tire while exercising.
I will demonstrate how to tie a tie around the neck.
A man demonstrates how to tie a tie around neck
A man is demonstrating how to tie a bow tie around your neck.
John placed a bowl under the meat grinder, so when he started to grind it the bowl collected it all.
The cook used a grinder to grind pepper into the bowl to season the meat.
A cook takes out his grinder to grind his meat into a bowl.
A meat grinder is grinding meat into a large green bowl.
The children sat on the floor to open their Christmas presents.
The boy will sit on the floor and open his present.
The excited little boy had to sit on the floor as he quickly opened his present very early on the morning of his birthday.
A boy sits on the floor and opens a present.
A woman carries a bag and walks across the street.
He carried his bag as he walked down the street.
A woman carries her bag in her right hand while walking down the street.
The man carries a bag as he walks down the street.
The man made his way down the street and picked up a bag, when he walked back he seemed to have trouble carrying it.
A man carrying a bag walking down a street.
Hold the hose to the plant to water the yard.
Please hold the hose while I water the plant.
You hold a hose when you water a plant in your garden.
A man holds a hose to water his plant.
A child holding a hose watering a plant.
The dog jumped to catch the ball.
The dog was running as fast as he could to catch that ball,  and I've never seen him jump that high.
The dog jumped to catch the ball.
dog jumps to catch a ball
The trainer will ride the horse as it jumps over obstacles.
A horse jumps over an obstacle while riding.
The man rides the horse as he jumps over the obstacle.
As I ride my horse my horse had to jump ver an obstacle.
she rides her horse to train and jump obstacles.
two people riding horses jumping over obstacles 
The woman will wear an apron to prepare the food.
If you are going to prepare food, wear an apron.
The chef wears an apron to prepare food.
Asian man, wearing an apron, preparing food.
The surfer plans to ride a wave on the ocean.
The teenager is a surfer and likes to ride the waves of the ocean.
The surfer rides the waves in the ocean.
surfers ride waves in the ocean.
A man places bricks and mortar to build a wall.
The carpenter will build a wall using bricks and mortar placed on top of each other.
The place is well built by brick and mortar with strong walls
A man is placing mortar on bricks that are being used to build a wall.
We can use machine to stitch & sew the fabric piece
The man was sewing and stitching a piece of fabric on the machine.
A man picks out pieces of fabric to sew together with a new stitch design on his sewing machine.
A person is using a sewing machine to stitch a piece of fabric.
The shopkeeper place the id card in the scanner and press the start button.
Place the card on the scanner and press the button.
The man places the card in the scanner and presses a button to make a copy.
A person placed a card on the scanner, closed it and pressed the buttons
At baseball practice, I was to throw and catch the ball!
A girl can throw a baseball ball and practice how to catch it.
The team got better at baseball by practicing how to throw and catch the ball.
At baseball practice we don't just throw the ball, we catch it too.
Two players are practicing baseball by throwing and catching the ball.
The man standing in the area began spinning to throw the discus as far as he could.
A sports boy stands and  throws a discus to a wide area and it goes spins in the air.
The boy had to stand in the designated area to throw and spin the discus.
A guy stands in a circle area and spins then throws a discus.
During tennis practice the ball bounced off the court and hit the wall.
The boy practices catching by bouncing a tennis ball off the wall.
The tennis ball bounced over the wall as the tennis player practiced.
Two men practice tennis by bouncing the ball off of the walls.
The dog catches the frisbee before it falls from the wood into the snow.
While the dog was playing catch they saw the snow fall on the deck made from wood.
A dog catches a piece of wood and falls in the snow.
The playful dog catches the falling snow in the woods.
The toddler had to blow his nose into the tissue, he stood up and walked to the corner of the room to do it.
The toddler grabbed a tissue and stood blow a runny nose.
The woman told the toddler he could stand to blow his nose with a tissue.
Two toddlers are standing in a kitchen blowing their noses with tissue.
The delivery man passed a truck on the road with a fruit cart drawn on it.
My brother draws a truck passing an empty cart on the side of the road.
A high speed horse drawn cart passes the slow truck on the road
An ox-drawn cart passes a fire truck on the road.
The machine roasts beans and pours them into a bowl.
The cook poured the beans into the bowl after the machine roasted them.
The woman poured the bowl of coffee beans into the machine to roast them.
Demonstration of a coffee roasting machine , and pouring roasted beans in a bowl.
He wanted to hold the handle of the kite, pulled by the wind, while his friends ride the snowboard.
The kite pulls the snowboard forward while the man holds and rides the snowboard.
She liked to ride her snowboard down the hill while she would hold her kite pulling it through the air.
A person rides a snowboard while holding onto a kite that is pulling him.
The dog bounded and jumped down the beach which made his leash impossible to hold.
When he takes the dog for a walk on the beach, he holds the leash tightly as the dog jumps with excitement.
The boy held the dog's leash as they jumped on the beach.
Six young adults, one holding a dog by the leash, jump ecstatically on the beach.
A man taking dance lessons listens to the music and dances by shuffling each foot to the beat.
The woman shuffles her feet and dances while listening to music.
The teacher tapped her foot while listening to the music and then encouraged her students to shuffle their feet and dance.
In a house a guy is listening to music and dancing by shuffling his feet.
The man washes the plastic plant with water from a hose he holds in his hand.
Hand me the hose near that plant so I can wash down the car with water.
A boy waters his plants with a hose, and then washes his hands.
A hose can be used to wash hands and water plants.
A young child is washing her hands and watering plants with a hose.
People go to the rodeo to watch cowboys throw ropes over cattle while riding horses.
The rodeo was great, watching the cowboy get thrown by the horse.
People go to a rodeo to watch a horse throw a cowboy off.
A group of people at a rodeo watching a cowboy being thrown from a white horse.
The sandwich is sitting on the plate but there is no fork, spoon or knife.
A boy places a sandwich onto a plate, and puts the fork, knife, and spoon back in the drawer.
I don't need a fork, knife, or spoon to eat a sandwich, just a plate.
The maid served the sandwich in a plate along with fork,knife and spoon.
The club sandwich is on the plate with the knife, spoon, and fork.
The chairs all sit in a row one foot apart to be washed.
The girl is on her feet, never sitting while she washes a row of plastic chairs.
The boy put his foot up on the row of chairs to get washed while sitting.
A row of robed children sit in chairs while robed men wash their feet.
The kid put on a helmet and rode the scooter down the street.
The kid wears their helmet when riding their scooter in the street.
The kid puts on his helmet to ride his scooter down the street.
A kid wearing a helmet is riding a scooter on the street.
The girl enjoys to learn to knit from her friend, she makes a hat for the birthday celebration as a gift.
My friend most enjoys celebrations and learning new things suck as how to knit.
During the celebration, Sasha and her friends learned how to knit and enjoyed it.
Friends enjoying a celebration and learn how to knit.
The girl used a blue pencil to draw a big hand the a piece of paper.
An amazing artist drew a hand on a piece of paper by using a pencil only.
A girl draws a picture of a hand on a piece of paper using a pencil.
A hand is drawing a cartoon on a piece of paper with a pencil.
The boy sits on the side of the pool and uses his hand to splash the girl who stands.
A man sits and stands in a pool and splashes water around with his hand.
After breaking her hand trying to splash her brother, Paige had to sit and stand by the pool in a cast.
Child sits in pool in chest-high water, stands up and splashes hands in water.
The father wanted to watch his son ride his bike.
A son taught his father how to ride a bike and he watches how father rides it.
The father watched his son ride the bike for the first time.
A father and son watch a man ride a bike.
A photographer takes a picture of ducks swimming in the water.
The photographer takes a picture of some ducks swimming in the water.
A photographer takes a picture of some people swimming in the water.
A photographer takes pictures from underneath the water as she swims through the sea
The boy jumped off the trampoline and shot the basketball into the hoop
A boy plays basketball, jumps on the trampoline and shoot in the hoop.
The boy jumps on the trampoline and shoots the basketball through the hoop.
A guy shooting a basketball into the hoop while jumping on a trampoline.
The kids like to sit on top of the stool and pet the small animal with the brown fur.
The man sat the small dog on top of his lap so he could pet the fur on the animal.
The girl pet the fur of the animal sitting on top of the table.
A girl sits on top of a saddled animal and pets their fur.
The cowboy rode a horse in front of the audience
The audience laughed at the cowboy when the cowboy rode a horse in front of the stage.
The people in the front of the audience watched the cowboy ride a horse.
A woman in the audience thought to herself, how lucky I am to be in the front row to watch this cowboy ride his horse and do tricks, I am glad I came to see the circus.
Two cowboys were riding horses in front of an audience.
While lieing down, use the band to stretch your leg.
Lie the band across the center of the leg and use it to stretch the muscle.
The band was lying in the grass to stretch their legs before they use their instruments for a march.
A lying woman uses a band to stretch her leg while a narrator talks.
The policeman wears a jacket while before he rides his motorcycle.
The policeman wore a jacket to ride his motorcycle.
The policeman wore the jacket and ride the motorcycle.
A policeman is riding a motorcycle while wearing a reflective jacket.
A girl laying down in the grass reading a book  wearing sunglasses.
Laying in the grass and reading a book on a sunny day is easier when wearing sunglasses.
The man wears sunglasses as he lays in the grass and reads a book.
Woman laying on grass and reading a book wearing sunglasses
The crowd cheers when the team scores a goal.
The crowd cheers when the team scores a goal.
"The team scores a goal and the crowd cheers."
A crowd cheers after a lacrosse team scores a goal.
You should wear gloves when blowing smoke from a cigarette.
you can wear a glove when you blow cigarette, so you won't smell the smoke odor on your hands.
The woman wears gloves when she has a cigarette and blows smoke.
The woman who always wore gloves blew out cigarette smoke as she walked away.
a man wears gloves whilst smoking a cigarette blowing smoke
A large woman smoking a cigarette while wearing a black glove and blowing smoke.
A boy stands at the front of the crowd to listen to the music while the man on the stage stands in front of the microphone.
The woman stands near the front row listening to music by a performer holding a microphone.
The singer stands in front of the crowd, holding the microphone, listening to the music and waiting for the cue to begin singing.
A man stands in front of microphone to listen music.
a girl wears her headphone to listen some music while walk to the shop
The girl wears headphones and listens to music as she walks.
I like to wear my headphones to listen to music while taking a walk.
The boy wears headphones while he walks so he can listen to music while he walks.
A man wears headphones and listens to music as he walks.
You need to make sure that you perform a figure eight on your skates in your ice skating routine.
He will perform a figure skating routine with the skates from the olympics.
A figure skater performs a skating routine at the skate rink.
Skaters boarders perform complex figure tricks within the skate world and make it a routine everyday to skate.
a person on roller skates performs a figure skating routine on a gym floor.
My friend talk me lies to sit on the floor, back from the door
Sit back or lie on the floor so that we may talk to each other.
The girl wanted to lie on her back on the floor then sit up and talk to her friend.
Three young men are sitting on a floor and talking while another is lying on his back.
The boy used a bowl to put the meat into as it fell from the grinder.
After the mum put the meat into the grinder it fell into the bowl
Put the bowl under the grinder to catch the meat as it falls.
a person putting meat through a meat grinder that falls into a bowl
It is hard to get a kid to take a seat and eat when there is a lot of talk in the background.
The kid took his seat in the lunchroom to eat while other students talk in the background.
The kid ate at his seat while people talked in the background.
A kid seated is eating a carrot while a woman in the background is talking.
the circus juggler lights all the ball with fire and juggles them with his hand, holding a heavy rod with his leg
The clown juggle the three balls. blew fire from the mouth and hold a light on his hand
The man juggled the ball when all of a sudden a burst of light shot out, it was on fire as he was holding it!
A person is holding three pool balls which are lit on fire, and then he juggles them.
A man uses a tool to remove the cork from a bottle
The lady uses a tool to remove the cork from her wine bottle.
The man uses the tool to remove the cork from the wine bottle.
I can use a tool to remove the bottle cork.
People trying to use tools to remove a cork from a wine bottle.
Don’t let the ball touch the ground once he kick.
Some kids kick a ball around without letting it touch the ground
The boy let the ball touch his foot before kicking it across the ground.
If you let the ball touch you before it hits the ground just kick it across the field
A boy kicks a soccer ball without letting it touch the ground.
The man wears shorts as he sits on the top of the bench.
The woman wearing a red shirt sat on the top part of the short bench.
The softball player regrets wearing shorts while sitting on top of the hot bench.
A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts.
A girl had slips and she fall down on the net while practicing , swinging on trapeze, is safe.
The acrobat fell off a trapeze and swinged into a net at practice
A man practices swinging on a trapeze, then falls to a net.
The football player wears pants, a jersey, and a helmet, all with his team's logo.
American football players regularly wear pants, jerseys, and helmets to compete.
As the team panted they assisted a player with his helmet and jersey he wore.
baseball player wearing gold helmet with blue jersey and gray pants.
A chef demonstrated to us how to saute vegetables in a pan.
The chef will demonstrate how to saute a vegetable in a pan.
Chef Tim used the new pan to demonstrate how to saute vegetables for the recipie.
A chef demonstrates how to saute vegetables in a pan.
The mother and daughter place pieces of candy in the center of the cookies after pulling them out of the oven.
candy keep in one secert place,bake the cookie in oven pull the cookie tray carefully
The woman pulls open the door and places cookies with candy in the oven.
A woman pulls cookies out of the oven and places candies on the top.
The bridesmaids and the groomsman stand with the bride and groom.
The bride and bridesmaid walk up the aisle while the groom and groomsman stand at the front of the church.
In front of the stand stood the Bride, Groom, Bridesmaid and groomsman ready for vows.
The bridesmaids and groomsmen stand beside of the bride and groom.
The boy sits on the bed and shakes the bottle and his head.
The head of the bottle shook when he sat on the bed.
My head began to shake so I chose to sit on the bed and take a drink from the bottle of medicine.
Before I laid my head to bed, I remembered to shake my bottle because it had sat for too long.
The woman shook her head as she sat on the bed after giving her baby a bottle.
Baby girl sitting up in bed holding her baby bottle and shaking her head.
The lady put the soap in her hand and held it.
A lady puts the soap she holds in her hand onto the sink.
The lady puts a hand on the soap and holds onto it tightly.
The lady that is holding him puts some soap onto his hands.
The girls put on their goggles, hold hands and jump into the pool.
The boy puts his hand on his goggles to hold them in place as he jumps into the pool.
Two girls wearing swim goggles hold hands and jump into the pool.
One can kick a ball, in a field, in order to score a goal - but only after a long run.
On the field last Saturday, I ran with the ball and then kicked it to make the goal.
The soccer player runs down the field and kicks a ball into the net to score a goal.
In soccer, we play in the field by running, kicking the ball in the goal.
A man runs around a soccer field kicking balls towards the goal.
A boy was taken on a ride with a camel through the desert, lead by a guide.
The tour guide lead a group of tourists on a camel ride through the desert.
The guide rides a camel as he leads the group through the desert.
Several men are riding camels being led by a guide in the desert.
I love hanging out at the beach to relax in in my bathing suit clothing.
A boy arrives at the beach in clothing before changing in to his bathing suit and hanging out and relaxing for the day.
A girl hangs her clothing while relaxing on the beach in her swim suit.
People hanging out on the beach in bathing suits and relaxing clothing.
The girl decided to wear her hat to ride down the street on her bicycle.
The man riding the bicycle down the street was wearing a large hat.
The old woman who was wearing a hat rode the bicycle down the street.
A person wearing a hard hat rides a bicycle on the street.
A blow from the referee is what the spectators watch for - they want to hear whistling.
The referee blew the whistle as the spectators watched the ball soar into the end zone.
The referee had to blow the whistle at a spectator to watch their language.
Spectators watch as a referee blows his whistle on a football field.
An artist uses a belt to fight back the front of an audience.
The artists pretend to fight over a belt in front of the audience.
The audience sat in the front while the artist painted a fight using a belt for splashes.
Two martial artists with black belts are fighting in front of an audience.
The woman wears a glove while she cleans the toilet with a brush.
A person would wear gloves to clean a toilet with a brush.
Housewives always wear gloves when the toilet is to be cleaned with a brush to protect their nails.
A person is cleaning their toilet with a brush while wearing gloves.
She gave me instructions on how to use the sewing machine.
It is good to give instructions on how to use the sewing machine.
The woman can use the machine to sew by giving it instructions.
A person giving instructions on how to use a sewing machine.
The boy paints a funny face on his bike so instead of dragging it everywhere he can now ride it proudly.
The boy is riding his bike home from the circus where he had his face painted and is dragging a stuffed animal behind him.
The lady paints her face daily before riding her bike to work so that she people don't think she's a drag.
A man rides his bike with his face painted while wearing drag.
Wrap the box with the strip of paper that had already been cut.
A woman cut a strip of paper to wrap the box
The child cut a strip of paper to wrap around the box.
She cuts wrapping paper in strips, then wraps it neatly around a box.
The student holds the pen is his hand and taps it on the table.
The student held the pen in one hand and tapped the table with the other.
The hand holding the pen was tapping on the table.
Hands tap a table in pattern while holding a blue pen.
He must wear a helmet to mower around the race track safely.
A man on a mower was wearing his helmet while racing on the race track.
5 people wearing helmets are racing lawn mowers around a track.
The vehicle rode steadily, sails powered by the wind.
I enjoyed riding the ice sled vehicle with a sail powered by the wind to cross the frozen river.
The wind powers the vehicle of the sail to ride the waves.
The sailor rode the vehicle using its sail, which was powered by the action of the wind.
I have the power to ride on my boat that sails as a vehicle powered by the wind.
A rider is riding on a wheeled vehicle with a sail, powered only by the wind.
The caddy told the player to hit the ball, then turned around to tell the scorekeeper to wait a bit.
The golfer hit the ball and he and his caddy had to wait for the scorekeeper to procede.
The scorekeeper told the caddy to wait to the ball was hit.
The scorekeeper and Grant's caddy are waiting for Grant to hit the gold ball.
The woman cleaned her floor  with a mop and her dog chased the mop across the floor.
The man chases the dog across the clean floor with a mop.
The dog chased the mop as it was being used to clean the floor.
A group of small black dogs are chasing around a mop as a person cleans the floor.
A tree was planted in honor of the father by the son and daughter.
The father, daughter, and son planted a tree.
The father, daughter and son will plant a tree.
A father, a daughter, and a son are all outside planting a tree.
A member of the marching band held an instrument during the parade.
A member of the band marched in the parade with her instrument.
One member of the band marched in the parade while dancing and playing his instrument.
Several members of a marching band are playing their instruments in a parade.
A boy walks his dog to a field and lets his pet off the leash to run in the grass.
The woman keeps the dog on a leash as it walks across the field of grass.
The owner is walking his dog in a field of grass, and after a while lets the dog of his leash.
A little boy walking a dog in a field of grass with a leash.
A person stands and adjusts his tie in front of the mirror.
The boy adjusts the tie while standing in front of the mirror.
The man stands in front of the mirror and adjusts his tie.
A man stands in front of a mirror and adjusts his tie.
The woman puts the sucker to her lips and sucks it with her mouth.
He touched the sucker to his lip, then put it in his mouth to suck on it.
A little girl put a purple sucker in her mouth to suck on while she waited for her mom at the bank and it turned her lips purple.
A woman licks her lips then puts a red sucker in her mouth and sucks on it.
The kid eats the doughnut that hangs on a string.
A kid tries to eat a doughnut that hangs from a string
A kids tries to eat a doughnut as it hangs from a string.
A kid in a superman t-shirt grabs and eats a doughnut hanging from a string.
The boy holds the ball before he kicks it in the air and is tackled, he hurts his head but not his knee because his pad protects him.
The pad holds the head when air kicks hard.
The coach holds the pad of paper in the air above his head to tell the player where to kick the ball.
A man holds a pad in the air as a girl kicks it while it's over her head.
My friend run in the wall direction and flip in the pool to swim
The swimmer flips around in the pool while he swims and goes in the opposite direction so that he doesn't hit the wall.
The girl swims up to the wall and flips around in the pool to face a new direction
A person swims in an indoor pool, flipping to the other direction when they reach the wall.
The masseuse gave them a leg massage as they lie on the table.
The man's leg was massaged by a masseuse while lying on a table.
A masseuse massaging a persons leg while they lay on a table.
I watched the dog run from the field to the front of my house.
In the front my house, the dog was running in the field.
The dog was running in the field in front of the house.
The dog runs through the field that is in front of the house.
Two dogs running in a field in front of a house.
The woman closes her eyes and rests her head on her companion's shoulder.
The puppy closes his eyes and rests his head on the boy's shoulder.
The girl closed her eye and rested her head on my shoulder.
I closed my eyes and rested my head on her shoulder
She rests her head against his shoulder and closes her eyes.
A man lies on the beach wearing pant and shirt.
Why would you wear your shirt and pants to the beach just to lie around?
When they lie on the beach, the do not wear pants or shirts.
Four people all wearing pants and shirts lie on a rocky beach.
The dog jumps in the puddle to splash the water during the rain.
My dog loves to splash in the water puddles when it rains.
The dog splashes in the water of the puddle after it rains.
It has just rained making puddles of water for the dogs to splash through.
A man rides a camel to pass a car in the street
A man riding on camel is passing through the cars parked on the side of the street.
The car passes the man riding his camel on the street.
People are riding a camel on a street with cars passing by.
The guy wears a shirt as he rows the boat in the water.
The boy wears a blue shirt as he rows the boat through the water.
the boys don't wear a shirt as they row the boat on the water
Boat on the waters of Vienna being rowed by men wearing striped shirts.
The girl keeps her foot on the ball until she kicks it into the air.
The soccer player needed to keep the ball in the air so he had to kick it with his foot.
the boy keep calm breathes the air and kick the ball with his foot to make the goal
I kick the ball with my foot to keep it in the air.
The children keep kicking the ball high into the air with their feet.
A person kicks a ball on his foot, keeping it in the air.
The crowd wears wristbands as they clap for the band at the concert.
She clapped with the crowd  at the concert so hard the wristband she was wearing fell off.
The crowd clapped after the concert because they got free wristbands to wear.
A crowd wearing blue wristbands are clapping at a concert.
The mugger kicks and punches the man as he falls, then runs away with the bag.
The child kicked the bag high into the air then ran to punch it away as it started to fall.
The boy fell and dropped his bag when the bully kicked and punched him as the boy was running.
A guy ran to kick a punching bag and fell to the ground
Karate masters perform physical feats like breaking blocks of wood with a kick.
A karate kid is performing on stage where he kicks the block of wood.
A girl performs a karate kick and breaks the wood block.
A blond girl is performing karate and kicking through blocks of wood.
The teacher demonstrates how to properly fold a pair of napkins by hand.
The hostess will demonstrate how to fold a pair of napkins by hand.
The etiquette teacher demonstrated how to fold a pair of napkins by hand.
A pair of hands demonstrates how to fold a napkin decoratively.
I pour oil on a hot stone to cook food and cut onions with a knife.
The chef chops onions with a knife, and then cooks them in a baking stone after he pours oil on them.
After you cook the onions, pour oil over the grinding stone and use the knife to transfer the vegetables.
A man is pouring cooking oil over a stone and picking up a knife.
A Woman is sitting on a chair wearing a coat and hat watching the rain.
There was a little girl sitting in a chair wearing a coat and hat
The woman was wearing the coat and hat before she sat on the chair.
One person wearing a coat and hat sitting in a chair.
to warm up for the game, I begin to hit the ball around the area
The game begins when the first person hits the ball outside the marked area.
As the baseball game begins a ball is hit into the parking area.
To begin the game, hit the ball in that area.
The men begin a game of volleyball and hit the ball all around the area.
The lady cupped her hand around the back of his neck and pulled him towards her.
A woman used her hands to cup her back and neck, which she pulled muscles in earlier that day.
The therapist used her hand to cup the neck of the patient and pull the muscles of the back.
Someone cups her hands around the back of someone's neck and pulls him closer.
A woman stands to attempt to open a bottle of wine.
The bartender will attempt to open the bottle of wine while standing on the bar.
The girl who stands near the sturdy wall attempt to open the wine bottle but failed.
A guy stands at the table attempting to open a bottle of wine.
I wore a sweater to take my dog out for a walk in the snow.
I took my dog for a walk in the snow but it was cold so I thought I would wear a sweater
A teenage girl who wears a sweater walks her dog in the snow.
the man is wear out by walk in the snow wearing his sweater and with the dog by his side
A dog in the snow walks and wears a sweater.
A small dog wearing a sweater walking in the snow.
A woman washes a piece of clothing in a bucket filled with water.
The boy put water in the bucket with the piece of clothing in it so that it could be washed
Take a piece of clothing and wash it in the water in the bucket.
A woman is washing a piece of clothing in a white bucket of water.
The girl curls her hair in the front of her face before she sweeps the ice off the stone floor.
In front of the house there is ice on the stone path. Use the broom to sweep the front porch that curls around the side of the house.
When you curl a stone on the ice, you sweep in front of it.
I can curl 2 pounds of stone in front of an ice sculpture of stone sweep.
A man is sweeping in front of a curling stone moving on the ice.
The bird spread his wings as it's body flew over the water.
A bird spread its wings as it landed on a body of water.
A bird will spread its wings and clean its body in the water.
A large bird has its wings spread above a body of water
The mime with the dog looks on as the kids play tug of war in the field.
The dog and the mime played tug of war  in the field.
In a field, a dog has a tug on his lead. He longs to run free in the field. Like a mime with no voice, the dog is confined;  the dog is at war with the lead.
Two mimes tug-of-war in a field with a small dog running around.
The words were painted on the wall in a spray of paint.
The graffiti artist paints the wall and then uses spray paint to write offensive words.
She used the spray bottle to paint the paint on the word wall.
A man spray paints the word Lounge on a wall using black and white paints.
The man waits patiently and stands in line to buy cream.
A man has to stand in line at the grocery store and wait to be served to buy cream for his carbonara dinner.
A girl stands and waits in line to buy cream from the store.
People standing in line by a truck waiting to buy ice cream.
The sign says that dogs are allowed to walk on the path.
dog allows to say the words on the sign when walking.
She allowed the dog to go past the sign after saying "walk".
wan walks his dog by sign that says, 'no dogs allowed'
The young boy sit down on the floor and set the domino down into a row.
The boy sitting on the floor sets the dominoes in a row.
The child set the domino on the floor and then went to sit in the front row of the class.
Two young girls sit on the floor and set up rows of dominos.
A man walks his dog on a pier and checks his phone.
She walks in a pier with her dog and constantly checking the phone.
He takes his dog for a walk to pier 39 & he checks his phone if there is any message.
I walk the dog down the pier and check my phone for messages.
A man walks his dog by the pier and checks his phone.
The builder uses his spacer to know how much space he needs to leave before he lays the next brick.
Workers lay brick and use spacers to create space between them.
The mason uses spacers to lay bricks to create space between each one.
A person uses spacers to space out bricks laid on the ground.
The hammer hit a metal piece on the anvil.
He hits a piece of metal with a hammer on an anvil.
The Smith places a piece of metal on the anvil and hits it with his hammer.
A man with a hammer hitting a heated piece of metal over an anvil
A man demonstrates how to fold a shirt while sitting on the floor
I cannot demonstrate how to fold a shirt while i sit on the floor okay idiot.
A little girl sits on the floor to demonstrate how to fold a shirt.
A man sitting on the floor and demonstrate how to fold a shirt perfectly to his employee.
A boy sits on the floor and demonstrates how to fold a T shirt
A friend of the bride and groom will leave the wedding early.
The groom and the bride chose a friend as a best man in the wedding and leave.
The bride and groom kiss in the wedding before friends start to leave.
A bride, groom, and friends are leaving after the wedding has ended.
A man throws an axe at a target and hits the bullseye.
The man threw an axe at the target and hit the bullseye.
You must throw the axe and hit the bullseye target.
A woman threw an axe and  hit the target in the bullseye.
A man is throwing an axe at a target and almost hits the bullseye.
His father demonstrates how to tie a piece of string into a knot.
A men demonstrated how to tie a knot using a piece of string.
The girl demonstrated how to tie a knot with a piece of string.
A man demonstrating how to tie a knot in a piece of yellow string.
The crowd surrounds the winning team and they wave flags that they carry in their hands.
A man carried a flag while waving it to the surrounding crowd
The crowd carried flags and waved to the public surrounding them.
The crowd surrounded the float carrying men waving an American flag.
A boy is running on the track, he jumps and lands in a pit.
A long jumper runs down a track, jumps and lands in a pit to compete.
The person ran on the track then went to jump and land in the pit.
A young man runs down a track, executes a long jump and lands in a sand pit.
The man who was sitting on his motorcycle was wearing his helmet and vest.
I always have to wear my helmet and vest every time I sit on my motorcycle.
When you sit on a motorcycle, it's smart to wear a helmet and vest.
A young dude sits on his motorcycle puts on his helmet  and vest to wear while driving.
Someone wearing a white helmet and a yellow vest is sitting on a yellow motorcycle.
The toddler sits near the table and picks the spaghetti with a fork.
A woman told a toddler to sit down at a table and eat spaghetti with a fork.
A toddler sits at a table and eats spaghetti with a fork.
toddler sitting at a table eating spaghetti with a fork.
The worker went to sit and take a break with his vest on.
A worker wearing a vest sits down to take a break.
The worker takes off his vest and sits down for a break.
Two workers in reflective vests are taking a break and sitting down.
A man will sit on a mower to mow the grass in the field.
As the man looked out into the field he realized how much grass he had to mow, but he just sat down on his mower.
A man sits on a riding mower and mows the long grass in the field.
A man is sitting on a riding law mower, mowing an open field of grass.
The welder prefers to work at night when it's easy to see the sparks fly.
When the welder works the spark flys llke some flys fly in the night.
The welder's work sent sparks flying into the darkness of the night.
sparks fly while welders work at night
The man blew at the flame to create the fire and hold the marshmallow over it.
A woman blows on the flame that the fireplace holds to create a fire.
You can blow when creating fire in the hopes that the flame will hold.
The man creates fire by holding his breath to blow hard on the small flames forming on the twigs.
A small flame set the forest on fire & soon the fire truck arrived to blow out the fire created by holding a water spray.
A man is holding a stick lit with fire and blows into it creating a large flame.
The man walks up a flight of stairs in the mall looking through stores for new clothing to wear.
I will wear my favorite piece of clothing as I walk down the flight of stairs.
I walk up a flights of stairs and wear clothing.
The lady holds the clothing that the lady is wearing before she walks the stairs to the flight.
A person wearing black clothing walks up a narrow flight of stairs between two bright red buildings.
A man is sitting by a pond full of fish while holding a bottle and feeding his infant.
The girl holds a bottle of fish food so she can feed the fish in the pond.
A man hold a child by a koi pond where he feeds fish from a bottle.
To remove the hair apply the strip of wax to the leg.
Wax strips are ideal for woman to remove unwanted hair on leg just by apply , wait and remove procedure
My sisters applies strips of wax to her legs to remove her hair.
a woman is applying a waxing strip on a man's leg to remove the hair
The mother sits in the chair and holds the books while the children look for more.
A bookshelf chair can hold so many books which looks nice and cozy to sit
look at the chair on which a boy is sitting and holding the book
Two guys sit in chairs looking at each other as one holds a book.
Go sit on the floor by the wall and look through the paperwork.
The client sits down in front of the paperwork and looks around the room, up from the floor to the wall.
The boy looks at the floor and then the wall, sitting at his desk while trying to fill out paperwork.
Three middle eastern men are sitting on the floor by a green wall looking at some paperwork.
The player can score a goal in the game to win.
The goal of the game is for the player to win with the highest score.
The player scores a goal and the team wins the game.
a hockey player is scoring the game winning goal
A dog was running through a field with its tongue hanging out of its mouth.
The tired dog had its tongue hanging out of its mouth after running across the field.
The dog's tongue hangs from his mouth as he runs across the field.
A lab runs on a field with an open mouth and tongue hanging out.
The crowd watched the boy run and throw the pole on the track.
The girl watched the boy run and throw the pole down the track
The spectators at the track can watch the athletes pole vault, throw the javelin or run the race.
He runs down the track and throws the pole with the audience cheering and watch.
The girl looks in the mirror as she applies mascara around her eye.
when applying mascara you have to look in the mirror so you dont poke your eye.
The lady looks in the mirror as she applies mascara to her eyes.
I like to apply mascara to my eye whilst i look in the mirror, duh.
i apply mascara to my eye while i look in the mirror
A woman is applying mascara on her eyes while looking in the mirror.
The maid makes  and pours a cup of tea with equal amount of milk and water
The woman pours hot water into the tea before she adds milk to the cup.
The waitress pours hot water over tea in a cup and adds milk.
A person pouring water and milk into a cup of tea.
The machine filled the bags as they moved down the conveyor belt.
The man filled the bag as the belt moved on the machine.
The bag moves down the belt while it is being filled by the machine.
A plastic bag is filled with a liquid by a machine on an moving belt.
I throw the disc and the dogs runs to fetch it.
The man throws a disc and the dog runs to fetch it.
The boy throws the disc and the dog runs and fetches it.
At the dog park you may see a dog run and fetch the disc after a long throw.
I threw the disc and the dog ran to go fetch.
she is throwing pink colored frisbee discs for the dog to run and fetch.
I have a pair of glass windows on hold for a good price if i can get the right tool to fix them.
If a man wants to fix the window in his house he just needs a pair of friends to hold it up the glass and a tool like a drill to drill it in
We have to hold the pair of tools, to fix the glass.
The woman holds a tool and fixes the pair of glasses.
A man is holding a pair of glasses as he uses a tool to fix it.
During Christmas, may family dances to music and decorates the tree.
"The girl likes to dance to the music and then decorate the tree for the family to see at the party
I like to dance around the tree with family as I decorate the tree to music.
The family dance to christmas music as they decorate the tree
A family is decorating a Christmas tree and dancing to music.
At the end of the session, lift your head using the weight at the end of the bar.
The man lifted the bar with weight on each end above his head.
The man placed the weight on the end of the bar and then lifted it over his head.
I hit my head on the end of the bar while lifting weights.
A woman lifts a metal bar with weights on the end above her head.
The park that we walk to has a tree that has a rope tied around it.
A family walks around the park and finds the perfect trees to tie their hammock ropes on.
The man ties the rope to a tree in the park and walks away.
A woman is walking on a rope that is tied to some trees in the park.
The workers rake the valuables jumping over the pile and finish work on the leave.
They finished raking the leaves and created a pile to jump on it.
He jumped into the pile of leaves we just finished raking.
The contest was to eat the most donuts while hands are tied at the back.
The men have their hands tied behind their backs while they eat for a contest.
The boy wins the contest because he eats more than the other boys after he ties his hands behind his back.
A man and a woman are competing in an eating contest with their hands tied behind their backs.
I am going to sit and eat lunch in the front of my truck.
I sit and eat lunch at the front of the truck.
The man sat in his truck at the front of the store to eat lunch.
The students are sitting and eating lunch in a hotel where the hotel have a large parking area where a truck is parked just in front of them outside the hotel.
Five workers sitting in front of trucks eating lunch
The boy sits on his bike next to a bench while eating cream.
A BOY PARKS THE BIKE AND SIT ON A BENCH TO EAT THE CREAM
A girl parks her bike and sits down on a bench to eat strawberries and cream for lunch.
A young girl sits on a metal bench with her bike eating ice cream.
The kid was walking home in the snow and couldn't resist throwing a snowball.
The kid used snow to make a snowball, and threw it upwards as he walked.
A kid walks through the snow, then makes a snowball and throws it.
Kids walking on the snow were throwing snowball at themselves
The girl applies her favorite type of cream to her face and rubs it on her cheeks.
A women apply and rub the cream on the face but only the BIO type
The woman chooses a type of cream to apply to her face and rubs it into her skin.
The type of facial cream you need to easily apply and rub on your face is inexspensive.
A woman is rubbing her face possibly applying some type of cream.
An old woman sits in her wheelchair near the fence to feed the ducks.
They like to sit in their wheelchairs by the fence and feed the ducks.
She can sit in her wheelchair and we can push her up to the fence and we can feed the ducks.
An elderly person is sitting on a wheelchair behind a fence feeding the ducks.
The musician on stage is playing a guitar without wearing a shirt.
We you wear the blue shirt when we go watch that musician play hes guitar on the stage?
The musician wearing a black shirt broke the guitar on stage.
The musician wearing the red shirt plays guitar on the black stage.
A bald musician wearing a black shirt plays his guitar on stage.
Cards come in a deck and you can demonstrate a game while you sit at a table.
The magician demonstrates to the people who sit at the table the trick as he pulls a card out the deck.
A man sits at a table and demonstrates how to shuffle a deck of cards.
I like to sit at the table and demonstrate how to use the cards and shuffle the deck.
A boy sitting at a wooden table demonstrates how to split a deck of cards.
Tim rinse the shirt in the sink along with his tie ,tim would die if his shirt his shirt is not clean on time
The girl is going to tie the shirt, die it, and then rinse it in the sink.
The girl used the sink to rinse the dye out of her new tie die shirt.
A child rinsing out a shirt in a kitchen sink after tie dying it.
He asks me not to throw the knife when I give it to him because he might cut his thumb on the cutting board.
A boy gives a board to a girl and proceeds to throw a knife at her, hitting her thumb.
The man gives a thumbs-up after he throws a knife into a board.
The man means to throw the knife at the board but accidentally gives himself a cut on this thumb.
A woman is giving a thumbs up, and throwing knives into a board.
The man uses the hammer to break the rock to pieces.
He used a hammer to break off a piece of rock
I used the hammer to break the rock into pieces.
The man breaks the rock into pieces using the hammer on the rock.
A man uses a hammer and other tools to break pieces off of a rock.
The cat enjoys when it lays on the floor to get a belly rub.
The cat lays on the floor and rubs its belly.
The man rubs his cat's belly as he lays on the floor.
A person rubs the belly of a cat while it lays on the floor.
As I was taking a sip of my drink, I turned my head and noticed a man that winked at me.
The girl takes a sip from the cup and winks after the clown makes heads turn.
The man turns his head as he takes a sip and winks at the woman.
The man turns his head as a pretty girl winked at him while taking a sip of her drink.
The boy takes a sip of a drink and then turns his head and winks
The kid holds the string to make the kite fly high into the sky
If you don't hold on to the string while flying a kite, it'll break free and vanish in the sky.
a person holding the string of a kite flying in the sky
He nodded his head as he danced to the music and shook his body while laughing
The girls shake their heads and laugh as they dance to music.
The group of friends like to dance ant laugh to the music while a head bob our two will grey the crowd shaking.
Three teen girls dance wildly to music shaking their heads and laughing.
A girl take a basket of clothe to put in the washing machine.
I take the clothe and put it in the basket when it is done being washed in the machine.
The woman takes the clothes from the basket and puts them in the washing machine.
The woman had to take the clothe from the basket to put it in the washing machine.
A yong boy takes clothes from a basket and puts them in a washing machine
The mother brushed the dog's fur while standing at the table.
I had my dog stand on the table while I brushed his fur.
I brush the dog's fur while I stand near the table
a man brushes his dog's fur while the dog stands on the table
The woman standing at the table was brushing the dog's fur.
A dog stands on a groomers table as a woman brushes its fur.
The kid will sit on the floor to open their present.
The kids all sit on the floor and open their presents.
The kid sat on the floor to open the present.
2 young kids sitting in the floor opening Christmas presents.
The artist prepares the canvas as he gets ready to create a paint art piece.
The artist creates a piece of art by painting on a canvas
The artist used paint on a piece of canvas to create a piece.
An artist is using spray paint to create a design on a piece of canvas.
The woman turns her head to the side as the beautician braids her hair.
Turning his head to the side, the man allowed the girl to braid his hair.
In order to braid the girl's hair the beautician finishes one side then turns the girl's head to do the other side.
A woman braiding her own hair with her head turned to the side.
I had to give instructions to tie the tie around her son's neck.
The man is giving instructions about how to tie a tie on a neck.
He was given instructions on how to tie a tie on his neck.
A father will give his son instruction on how to tie a neck tie.
A man is tying his tie around his neck and giving instructions.
She read a book at the laundromat to pass time while she waits for laundry to finish.
Sitting in the laundromat, the couple waited for the laundry to finish by reading a book.
A woman reads a book at the laundromat while waiting for her laundry to be finished.
A teenager reads a book while waiting for laundry at the laundromat.
The girl holds her head over the sink to wash her hair.
A woman holds her head over the sink to wash her hair.
She would hold her head over the sink to wash her hair.
A person is washing their hair with their head held over the sink.
A man cut his hand when he chopped an onion with a knife on a board.
I used the knife to chop and cut up the onion on the cutting board.
A chef can cut and chop onions on a cutting board with a knife.
She uses a knife to cut and chop onions on a cutting board.
A person rapidly chops an onion on a cutting board with a knife.
A girl demonstrates how to use an iron to straighten her hair.
The girl demonstrates how to straighten the hair using an iron
The woman recorded a video to demonstrate how to use a hair iron to straighten hair.
A girl demonstrates how to use an iron to straighten out her hair.
The woman held a sign displaying a dollar symbol which promoted lesbianism in business.
For one dollar, I will hold a sign to promote lesbianism.
A group holds signs to promote lesbianism for a dollar.
Signs are held promoting lesbianism at the rally and the increase of  dollars spent toward LGQBT stores.
A patriotic man hold a sign against promoting lesbianism with tax dollars.
The man is an expert in parasailing and knows that he must hold onto the parachute while he rides the board in the water.
A man riding a helicopter holds a parachute so he can board on the water.
The man held onto the parachute as he rode the board across the water.
A group of people ride boards over water while holding onto parachutes.
The dog loves to run through the snow carrying a stick.
The boy had to carry the stick to the park so the dog could run in the snow and retrieve it.
The big dog loves to carry a stick and run through the snow.
A dog runs over the snow carrying a large stick in its mouth.
The kid tested the weight of the water balloon before walking over to throw it.
The kid tests the balloon by filling it with water and walks away before he throws it.
The kids filled their balloons with water, then walked to the schoolyard to test them.
Kids are testing out balloons in hopes that they will walk on water
The man with a beard wears a cap and a jacket, and smokes a cigarette.
A man with a beard, in a cap and jacket, smokes a cigarette.
Man in brown jacket with beard and baseball cap, smoking a cigarette.
The player drops the puck and the referee asks everyone to wait.
The player waited for the referee to drop the puck.
The hockey player waits for the referee to drop the puck.
Hockey players waiting for the referee to drop the puck.
We took a picture  on the street and had it printed on a short sleeve shirt.
A man standing in the street is taking a picture of a boy wearing shirts and shorts.
She wanted to take a picture of a boy on a street wearing a shirt that was too short on him.
I like to take a picture of a short shirt on the street below.
Photographer in t-shirt and shorts with digital camera taking pictures on a city street.
Come watch the performer swallow a sword in front of a crowd.
Come and watch the performer swallow a sword in front of a crowd.
The crowd watches as the performer swallows a sword.
Performer swallows sword while crowds watch him outside.
The couple walks underneath a tree with blossoms falling from it.
A couple walk up to a tree to watch the blossoms fall.
The couple walked along the path as the beautiful cherry blossoms fell from the trees.
Two couples walk under trees with falling blossoms.
The surgeon wears clean scrubs while performing the surgery.
The surgeon wears scrubs when performing surgery
A surgeon wears scrubs while performing surgery.
A group of surgeons wearing scrubs are performing a surgery.
The vendor sells toys to visitors who walk into the shop.
The visitor walks into the store where the vendor sells a toy.
The visitors walked into the store and asked the vendor for information on the toys they sell.
Visitors walk by a vendor selling children's toys.
The restaurant can sell hamburgers to eat and sodas to drink.
The boy eats the hamburger and drinks the soda from the can.
A boy went to the food court so he could eat, he ordered a hamburger and a can of soda to drink
two people eat hamburgers and the other guy is drinking a can of soda
a couple dances on the floor and their friends watches them seated on the table
The couple got out of their seats at the table to dance on the dance floor.
The lovely couple dances on the floor before the couple takes a seat at the couple’s assigned table at the wedding.
A couple is ball room dancing on a dance floor surrounded by people seated at tables.
The karate class watched as their instructor held the board for the student to kick.
He kicked the student when he holds the board and watched the show.
I was watching a student kick a board holding a cat
The karate student kicks a wooden board held by another student while others watch.
A man was woken from his sleep by his dog's paw which stroked his face as the music played.
My cat put his paw on my face and stroked it while I was sleeping once it heard the music from my radio.
A dog sleeps after it listens to music and strokes its face with its paw.
A dog makes a funny face while using it's paw to stroke a guitar string and make music before going to sleep.
A person uses a cat's paw to stroke the cat's face while it sleeps and music plays.
A boy sits on the floor where he put a puzzle piece.
The boy sat down on the floor to put the puzzle pieces together.
A group of children sit on the floor and put pieces of the puzzle together.
A girl sits on the floor putting together pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.
The woman pours tea through the filter into a glass and she places the glass on the table.
As they sat down around the table, Jim could tell the whole place, glass included had been cleaned for afternoon tea. Even the water filter had been cleaned before it was poured in the glasses.
The woman places the glass on the table and pours the tea through the filter.
A filter is placed on top of a glass, and some very weak tea is poured in.
A trailer attached to a truck held a snow brush, which was also used to load machines in the truck.
A man attaches his truck to a trailer that has a load of brush.
Load the brush into the trailer after you attach it to the truck.
The man needs to brush the dirt off of his truck before he can load it up and attach the trailer to it.
Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.
The small girl sits up with surprise when the balloon she is blowing up pops.
The boy surprises his friends while he sits and blows up a balloon until it pops.
It surprised the sitting people when the man blew up the balloon so much that it popped.
A woman sitting down outside blows up a balloon and then it pops; surprising her.
The girl wears the shirt standing on the sidewalk and serves the short.
A girl standing on the sidewalk is wearing a short shirt.
The shirt and shorts that girl standing on the sidewalk is wearing looks so cute.
Boy wearing shorts and shirt stands on a busy sidewalk.
A man wearing gloves kneels to the ground while using a lantern to light his way.
A boy will wear a glove and kneel next to the lantern on the ground to see what fell.
The girl was wearing the glove to hold the lantern while kneeling on the ground looking for the lost ring.
A woman kneels on the ground beside multiple Chinese lanterns, wearing gloves made of rubber.
The crowd of people watches as the marching band performs on the football field during halftime.
During this year at the football field, the band would march while they perform as the audience would watch.
They watched the band perform and march around the field.
Fans watch along while a marching band performs on a football field.
A man cut the grass with his lawn mower as he started to push.
I used a push lawn mower to cut my grass.
The man cuts the grass when he pushes the mower across the lawn.
A boy pushes a lawn mower to cut the grass.
A man is seen pushing a lawn mower across a lawn to cut the grass.
The man begins the recipe by using the bowl on the counter to mix the ingredients.
I begin and mix the ingredient in a bowl on the counter.
The girl begins to mix all of the ingredients together in the big bowl on the counter.
The chef will begin to mix the ingredients in the bowl on the counter.
She begins by mixing the ingredients in a large bowl placed on her kitchen counter.
The man wanted to take the day to enjoy the water to surf, but the wind was a little too intense.
The man enjoys to surf in the water and feel the wind blow on a sunny day.
One day a young girl went to the beach to enjoy riding the surf, wading in the water, and dryiing in the wind.
Several individuals are wind surfing while enjoying a day on the water.
A man wrapped his arm around a woman to share a kiss then lingered afterwards.
We shared a kiss, as his lingering arm wrapped gently around my waist
The man wraps his arm around the woman and they share a lingering kiss.
He wraps his arms around her, and they share a lingering kiss.
The pedestrians have to wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street.
Pedestrians cross the street to sit and wait for the tram.
A pedestrian was crossing the street's main road and suddenly a tram arrives and waits him to cross the road.
Pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street.
He needed to attach the snowblower to the tractor so he could remove the snow.
A man attached a snowblower to the tractor to remove snow.
I attached the snowblower to the front of my tractor to help remove snow.
A tractor has an attached snowblower to it and it removing snow.
The man sits on the steps of the pier to watch the fishermen catch fish.
Sit down on the step and watch me catch a fish.
Sit down on the step and watch how the man catches the fish.
I had to sit on a step to watch my friend catch a fish.
A young man sitting on a step watching and catching a fish that swims near him.
A man is wearing a kilt on a unicycle bike while taking a ride out into the country carrying his bagpipe instrument on his back.
The Scottish man wearing a kilt is riding a unicycle and playing a bagpipe.
The man wears a kilt while he rides the unicycle and plays the bagpipes.
A man is wearing a kilt and playing bagpipes while riding a unicycle.
The mother placed balls of cookie dough on a cookie sheet and put them in the oven to bake.
She always bakes bread using a ball of dough and placed in a sheet.
The old woman makes a ball of cookie dough into 12 large cookies and then the old woman places the cookie sheet in the oven to bake for 12 minutes.
A person rolls some dough into balls then places them on a baking sheet to bake.
My grandma has a machine that can peel an apple, and remove the core.
That machine can remove the peel and core from an apple.
To remove the peel and core from an apple use a machine.
An apple is peeled by a machine and cores are removed.
The crowd watches the man perform a trick on his skateboard.
The crowd will watch the kid with a skateboard perform a trick.
The man performs a skateboard trick as the crowd watches.
In front of a crowd watching me, I performed a trick on a skateboard.
People are performing tricks on their skateboards as a crowd watches.
The man uses shears to prune branches and cut them from trees.
A man cuts several branches off of a tree with pruning shears.
A student sits in the forest and marks his book with a pencil.
The student was sitting in the forest with a book and pencil.
The student is goes to the forest once a week to sit by the lake. The student draws birds inside a drawing book using a pencil.
Students sitting outside in a forest with books and pencils.
The people watch as the car hits the tractor in the lot.
The boy watches a car hit a tractor in the parking lot
The car hit a tractor on the lot and I got to watch.
A tractor in a parking lot with no driver hitting cars while people watch.
A girl rides her bike up the hill, then stops to flip her bottle of water.
The boy liked to ride his bike down the hill and flip it up over the water below.
The man riding on an off-the-road trail flipped bike over and fell into the water when he tried to go over a hill to fast.
A man rides his bike down a hill, he flip it and lands in water.
The man at the gym lifted the weights and used the bench to lay down to watch the timer
The man lays on the bench while his friends watch him lift the weights.
A group of guys watched a man lay on a bench that lifted because of his weight.
There is a man laying on a weight bench lifting weights with others watching him.
You use the slicer to break the apple apart and put it on a plate.
The Farmer uses a slicer to break the apple. Then the farmer uses a plate to put the apple
It is not possible to use an apple slicer to break a plate.
The man uses the slicer to break the apple in the plate.
A person breaks a plate while trying to use an apple slicer on an apple.
The spectator cheers as the swimmer competes with the backstroke.
The spectators cheer as the swimmers compete in the backstroke.
The spectators cheer as the swimmer competes with a strong backstroke.
A group of swimmers are competing in backstroke while spectators watch and cheer.
The girls will cheer to compete in the contest in front of the crowd to try to get them to eat pizza.
The mother eats a hot dog while sitting in the crowd in the bleachers watching her daughter compete in the cheer contest.
The crowd cheers as the athlete competes in the cheese eating contest
A crowd of people cheer as three young men compete in an eating contest
The woman pumps fist in the air while dancing around the room.
The man fist pumped the air and danced around the room.
the air in the room as is full of fists that pump wildly, the dj plays and the dance continues
Three people in a room pumped their fist in the air and danced
Sit on the bed to shave your leg with the razor.
A woman sits on the bed to shave her legs with an electric razor.
I sat on the bed and shaved m leg with a razor.
Girls sit on their bed and shave their legs with a razor.
A girl sits in bed as she shaves her legs with a razor.
The woman walks to a section in the store and touches the shirts.
He is walking through the store he touched a section of shirts.
The customer walks into the shirt section of the store and touches all of the various fabrics to see which she likes.
A child is walking in the clothing section of store looking and touching different shirts.
the man cut his finger trying to open the watermelon to scoop the seeds from inside
I cut open the watermelon and scooped out the insides.
The man cut open the watermelon and scooped the fruit out from the inside.
Person cuts open a watermelon and scoops out the insides.
The dancer performs her routine on stage for an audience.
A dancer skillfully performs a dance routine on stage before an audience.
The audience was watching the dancer performing the routine stage dance.
Belly dancers perform on stage their routine in front of an audience.
She demonstrated how to apply eyebrow makeup to look pretty.
The woman demonstrates how to apply makeup to make the man's eyebrows look better.
The girl looked into the mirror to demonstrate how to apply makeup to her eyebrow.
A woman demonstrates how to apply eyebrow makeup to make the eyebrows look fuller.
The boy sat at the table and folded his piece of paper into a shape.
Please sit at the table and fold the paper into this shape.
A girl sitting on a sofa folded a paper on shape of a butterfly and arranges it on table.
a man sitting at a table folding up paper in different shapes
He wore sunglasses on his head while his hands held a top and mug.
A man is wearing sunglasses, holding his head, looking on top of the table at his coffee mug.
On top of my head, the mug os holding the sunglasses.
A lady with sunglasses on top of her head is holding a mug.
A woman working in the kitchen prepares food by cooking it.
After work the woman went home and prepared to cook food in the kitchen.
It can be hard work to prepare food to cook  in a kitchen.
Three cooks work in a kitchen preparing food.
One of the most common powerlifting exercises is the deadlift, where  you stand in front of a barbell and place both hands on the bar and attempt to lift the weight while stabilizing your arms.
A woman lifts weights to exercise her hands and arms.
The man holds weights in his hands and lifts his arms to exercise.
The man is exercising in the gym, lifting weights on both arms and hands.
The boy in front of the table liked to sit and laugh at his food.
The waiter stood in front of the man as he laughed and told his friends to sit at the table to eat their food.
The boy sitting at the table laughed at the cartoon drawing of the food pictured on the front of the cereal box.
Five young people are sitting in front of a table with food and are laughing.
An angry lover went to her boyfriends house on a truck, taking a ride to beat the mailbox with a bat.
As the truck rides by, a bat beats the mailbox with his wings.
Somebody in a truck i got a ride with , beat a mailbox with a bat
The boys beat the mailbox with a bat while riding in a truck at night.
Two men riding in back of truck get out to beat mailbox with a baseball bat.
The musician used his fingers to move the guitars strings. The musician fret when he hold the guitar
Do not fret, hold the guitar and move your finger.
i was in fret because i moved my finger while holding the guitar
A man holds a guitar and moves their fingers up and down the frets.
The man decided to sit in the park while drinking his coffee and reading the newspaper.
The women camping in the park drink coffee, while the men read newspapers.
A lady bought coffee to drink while reading her newspaper in the park. Read a persons understanding something through literature.
Man reads newspaper in a park while drinking Starbuck's coffee.
The suitcase was sitting on the floor ready to be packed with the clothes.
A girl sits a suitcase on the floor and starts to pack clothes
The lady sits on the floor to pack clothes in the suitcase.
A man is sitting on the floor packing clothes into his suitcase.
I walked to the store. The store is closed. The door was full with marks and graffiti.
A man walks past closed stores marked with graffiti.
The worker was told to work with the crew to direct traffic.
The worker and his crew directed traffic for the people leaving work.
The crew will direct traffic as the workers work on the road.
A worker directs traffic around a crew working on utility wires.
A man will pick pumpkin seeds and throw them through the air onto a piece of ground.
The boy picked up a  piece of pumpkin and threw it in the air.
The autumn air throws around leaves and is a perfect time to pick a piece of pumpkin pie.
Someone picks up and throws a smashed piece of pumpkin into the air.
A bear runs after a dog and with his tooth drinks water.
The bear chases the dog into the water, brandishing his one large tooth until the dog runs away.
The dog bears his teeth in a smile when he runs in the water.
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing its teeth.
The toddler helps his mother take the clothes out of the washer.
The mother helps her toddler put the clothes in the washer.
The toddler helped her mother to put the clothes in the washer.
A male toddler helping his mother put clothes in a washer.
A woman holds her umbrella and jacket while sitting on the bench in the sun.
A boy in a jacket sits on a bench and holds an umbrella.
The woman sits on the bench and holds her jacket and umbrella.
A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.
A woman cuts up some cucumber and onion and combines them with pasta in a bowl.
Please combine the cucumber, onion, and pasta in the bowl.
Combine the cucumber and onion into a bowl. The vegetable will be used with the pasta.
IN THE KITCHEN I TAKE A BOWL: I COMBINE CUCUMBER, ONION, OTHER SECRET INGREDIENTS AND I PREPARE MY SWEET PASTA SALAD
A woman is combining pasta, onions, peas, and cucumber in a bowl.
A nurse gives instructions about how to wrap a bandage around a leg.
The Doctor gave instruction about how to wrap the bandage around the injured leg.
The boy needs to give the instructions on how to wrap the bandage around the leg.
A person is wrapping another person's leg with a bandage, while instructions are given.
Pour oil in the sausage tray and heat it in the oven.
The chef poured oil in the pan to cook the sausage, put the biscuits in the oven and when cooked he assembled the entree on the tray beautifully.
The chef will pour oil in the tray and add the sausage before putting it in the oven.
A person pours olive oil over sausages in a tray which are then placed into an oven.
A man turns meat on a skewer on a barbecue to cook it.
To not burn meat while using a barbecue, the cook has to turn the skewer.
I cook in a barbecue,   and put the meat in a skewer and turn down to the fire
The man at the barbecue turned the meat on the skewer to cook.
Meat on skewers is turned over as it is being cooked on a barbecue.
Took a walk down the sidewalk wearing a shirt to talk on phone
The man in the shirt was talking on the phone while walking on the sidewalk.
A boy was talking on his phone while he was walking on the sidewalk when he noticed a stain on his shirt.
Two people with white shirts walking up the sidewalk talking on their phones.
The chef explained how to cook on the grill when placing sausages.
The chef explains how to cook a sausage by placing it on a grill.
The man had to explain to his wife how to cook the sausage on the grill instead of the place she would usually cook it in the kitchen.
Sausages being placed on an outdoor grill and cooked as the how is explained.
A woman performs an activity in a building without wearing any clothing.
The group of boys wore active wear clothing for their jumping activity that must be performed in the gym building.
A girl walks into a building to pick out clothing to wear while she is performing an activity.
People are gathered around a building wearing coloreless clothing while performing different activities.
The waiter took the order as the customer looked at the menu.
The waiter handed the boy the menu for him to take a look at to place an order.
A girl looks at the menu as she waits for the waiter to come take her order.
A waiter takes an order from a man who is looking at the menu.
The dog opened it's mouth to catch the treat.
The dog will catch a treat in his open mouth.
The dog knew to open his mouth to catch his treat.
A dog opens its mouth to catch a treat
Come to the pitching machine and you can practice hitting the ball with the bat.
Come and get the bat and hit the ball when it comes out of the machine
The ball that comes out of a machine is hit with a bat.
The boy comes to the batting range to hit balls with his bat that the machine spits out.
A person holding a bat tries to hit a ball coming from a machine.
The man stands in a field wearing nothing but jeans and looks behind him in the background.
A man stands in the background of the field wearing a jean jacket.
A girl wearing jeans stands and takes a photo of herself with a pretty field of flowers in the background.
A small girl, wearing a pink top and jeans, stands on a field, with others in the background.
The player from the opposing team extends a hand to shake before the game starts.
She would shake the team player  hand if she lost to the one who  would oppose her team.
Two opposing teams of football players shake hands on a field
A man talks on a cellphone and dresses for a walk down the street.
A girl, who dress a skirt, talks on a cellphone and walks on the street
A girl in a dress is taking a walk down the street and is talking on a cellphone.
A trendy dressed black woman talking on her cellphone and walking down a city street
A woman sits on a bench and waits for the bus to arrive.
The group sits on a bench and waits for the bus to arrive.
The man arrives at the stop, sits on the bench, and waits for the bus.
A man sits on the bench waiting on the bus to arrive.
The man has a worried expression on his face as he stands on a ladder in front of the door.
The expression on the standing woman's face was surprising when the door and ladder fell off the shelf.
I stand at the door with a dumb expression on my face when someone falls off a ladder.
Extreme expression on the face of a man, while standing on two ladders below an attic access door
The lady sweeping the sidewalk was wearing a beautiful dress.
The lady who wears the dress sweeps the sidewalk.
The lady was wearing a dress as she swept the sidewalk.
A young lady wearing a blue dress is sweeping her sidewalk.
A man is looking at the mirror, using scissors to trim his beard.
Look at your beard in the mirror and trim it properly with this scissors.
The man was going in for a beard trim and used scissors and then had to look in the mirror.
A man looks in a mirror and uses scissors to trim his beard.
The girl has to wear her boots to climb the fence but she can't hold her lollipop.
I wear my rain boots as I walk along the fence row eating a lollipop that I hold in one hand while I walk my dog.
He looked creepy wearing boots next to the fence holding a lollipop in his hand.
A girl who wears boots and a pink dress holds a lollipop over the fence for the boy to take.
little girl wearing dress and boots holding lollipop and fence
The girl wanted to begin her baton dance routine with a twirl.
The dance routine will begin when the lead girl starts to twirl her baton.
The police begin their dance routine by twirling their batons.
The woman begins dancing a routine using a baton and twirling it around.
The couple take the dog for a walk in the park.
The couple enjoy taking their dog for walks in the park.
The couple takes the dog for a walk in the park.
A couple taking their dogs on a walk through a park outside.
the toddler sat on the floor and played with the beads and string
A toddler sits on the floor and has a string and a bead in his hand.
Toddler sat on the floor and put beads on the string
A toddler sits in the floor stringing large beads on a piece of string.
A mural of a flock of birds flying was painted on the building.
The boy will paint a mural on the building of a flock of birds flying.
A flock of birds fly near that building with mural painting on its outer wall.
A flock of birds flying past a chinese mural on a building.
It is better to walk than to drive through water on the road during a flood.
The man was told not to drive down the road after the flood because of water, he should walk.
Does the man want to drive through the road that has the flood? or walk through the water.
A vehicle drives through a flooded road whilst people walk in the water.
The woman took an axe in order to chop a piece of woods.
The man takes an axe and chops pieces of wood.
The boy did not chop the wood from the tree with an axe, he did however take pieces of fruit from the apple tree and place them in a bag.
A man takes an axe and chops thick pieces of wood.
I put the bun on the grill and toasted one side I used my hand and turned it over and toasted the other side.
if you toast your bun on the grill be careful while turning so as not to burn your hand.
On the grill, please turn your bun over using your hand if you don't want it to toast to dark.
The man toasts buns on the grill and turns them with his hand.
A man's hands turn over hamburger buns that were toasting on the grill.
A chef cuts a piece of dough in half and sprinkles some flour on top.
The chef cuts the pizza dough in half and sprinkles flour over it.
The woman sprinkles flour on the dough after she cuts it in half.
Somebody sprinkles flour onto raw dough before cutting it in half.
The runner jumps over the hurdles as he races around the track.
The runner's task in the race was to jump the hurdles around the track.
The runner races down the track and jumps the hurdle.
A group of runners race each other on a track and jump over hurdles.
The toddler holds a broom and sweeps dirt from the floor.
The toddler held the broom for her father to sweep the floor.
The mother holds the toddler in one arm, a broom in the other and sweeps the floor.
A toddler holding a small broom is trying to help sweep the kitchen floor.
The origami instructor demonstrates how to fold the paper into a swan on the Youtube video while music plays in the background.
A boy demonstrates how to fold paper while there is music playing in the background.
The music student wanted to demonstrate the background notes for his band so he folded his music sheet and played without reading the paper
A woman demonstrates how to fold paper while music plays in the background.
The church congregation began to clap and dance with the music.
In the church, the congregation danced and clapped to the music.
The church congregation clapped and danced to the gospel music.
A congregation is dancing and clapping to music in a church.
A boy likes to create art on the street by using paint and chalk as tools.
The man creates art in the street using a variety of tools with paint.
She creates art on the street using paint as her tool.
A man on the street creates art using paints and a sharp tool.
The husband and wife must take the picture of the stand.
The husband takes a picture of his wife standing outside.
The husband and wife took turns standing in front of the statue so they could take nice pictures.
A husband takes a picture of his wife standing on an empty city bridge.
The tourist takes a photo of a man holding an umbrella while riding a bicycle.
Tourist took photos when the boy crossed a bicycle with an umbrella.
Tourists riding bicycles take umbrellas and photos.
Tourists are taking photos of a man on a bicycle carrying an umbrella.
The crowd cheers as the swimmer competes in the race.
A popular swimmer competing that day was cheered on by the crowd.
The crowd cheers on a group of swimmers as they compete in a race.
A boy proceeded to open a bottle and sit down at a table.
A bottle was open and sitting on the table.
A woman sits down at a table and opens a bottle of wine.
A woman is sitting at a table opening a bottle of champagne.
The crowd gathered around the contest participants and cheered loudly for them to eat as many hot dogs as they could.
A man in the contest of a crowd waiting for eating, is cheering to move on.
The crowd cheers at the hotdog eating contest.
Participants in a watermelon eating contest are cheered on by a crowd.
A man explains to his wife how to sharpen a knife with a stone
A man with a knife just walked in, sharpening the knife with a stone, explaining what he's about to do.
The chef explained to the class how to sharpen a knife using hard stone.
A man explains how to sharpen a knife on a grinding stone.
The girl held then wore the bag as she stood.
The woman will stand right here and wear a scarf, all while holding a bag.
A girl wearing luxurious clothes stands straight while holding her bag.
Two people standing holding bags and wearing hats.
A girl smiles while holding a bowl of food.
A smiling child holds a bowl of food.
To protect his face as he painted, he wore a hat.
The boy wears a hat while he paints the face of children.
The worker paints and wears a hat to protect his face.
Two women with painted faces are wearing hats.
The cowboy rides a horse on its back and throws a lasso.
In a split second, a wild horse will throw a cowboy on his back.
The cowboy threw out his back while attempting to get on his horse.
A horse throws a cowboy off his back.
A mother reads to her son and he turns the page in the book.
The girl turned the page and continued to read the book.
The girl turns the page of the book to continue to read.
A young girl reading a book out loud and turning the page.
Linda and her father drove to the river but had to park to get out to cross the water.
To cross a river people have to drive a boat through water.
A woman crosses the river when she drives over the water.
A car drives in to water attempting to cross a river.
My father likes to demonstrate how to separate the egg with a bottle.
The idea of the video was to demonstrate how to separate the yolk of the egg from the whites for bottling purposes.
She separates an egg on a bottle to demonstrate.
A man demonstrates separating an egg with a soda bottle.
A man and a woman went to a restaurant to eat and drink wine on their date.
The couple went to the restaurant to drink wine and eat dinner to celebrate their anniversary.
Several men are eating and drinking wine in a restaurant.
The dog ran away from its owner to try and catch a rabbit.
The dog ran to catch the rabbit.
Some dogs are running to catch a rabbit.
Veterans had to wait in line before they were able to board the bus.
The man boarded the bus after waiting in line.
As a woman notices the different route lines and she waits to board the bus.
A family waits in line to board a bus.
The boy sneezes and his mother says, "bless you."
Mothers say bless you when you sneeze.
A baby continues to sneeze as its mother says, "Bless you."
The woman get a pedicure where her foot was massaged, and he nails were clipped.
The girl was getting a foot massage and her toe nails clipped.
The nail tech clipped the woman's toe nails and gave her a foot massage.
Feet are being massaged and toe nails are being clipped.
I wear my favorite pair of shorts and tank top if I walk to the grocery store.
I wear shorts and a top to go for a walk.
Two women wearing bikini tops and jean shorts walking down a street.
The boy pushed his sister, and she sat in the wheelbarrow when she fell.
A boy falls while pushing a girl sitting in a wheelbarrow.
A boys falls into a wheelbarrow and sits there while a girl pushes it.
A boy sits in a wheelbarrow while another boy pushes him until he falls out
We had to pull the sword out to cut an apple to put in my mouth to swallow.
He swallowed the sword and then pulled the sword out of his mouth.
The sideshow performer pulled a sword he had swallowed from his mouth.
A person swallows a sword and pulls it back out of their mouth.
i walk direct down the street straight into traffic
The cop directs traffic so the children may safely walk across the street.
Someone directing car traffic on very narrow street while others walk by.
The woman applies a product to her face and massages it in.
A woman applies a beauty product to her face and massages it in.
When I hold the cup like this the bird will eat out of it.
The girl holds a cup that the bird will eat from.
The bird eats from a cup holding a worm.
Four colorful birds are eating from a cup of birdseed held by a woman.
The woman sits on the floor and shuffles cards.
Sit on the floor Shuffle the deck and deal me a card.
The children sit on the floor and shuffle cards.
A person is sitting on the floor shuffling a deck of cards.
I love to eat pretzel sticks, sometimes they burn my lip and my tongue but I love to lick my fingers.
They use their tongue and lip to lick the stick.
A man's lips are dry so he sticks out his tongue and licks them.
A woman sticks her tongue out and licks her lips.
Every afternoon the couple take a walk together in the park
The couple takes a walk in the park during a date.
The couple park their car to go take a walk.
couple taking a walk in the park
A man uses his grill to cook meat that looks delicious.
th man looks at the meat on the grill while it cooks.
Several bbq grills have meat cooking on them as people look on.
In the gym, we use our hands to hold weights
At the gym I lost weight using the hand hold.
It is necessary hold increasing weight in each hand while in the gym.
A man does lunges in a gym while holding weights in each hand.
Hair Styler used the hair brush and hair dryer to give hair a style.
Do you style your hair with a brush while using a blow dryer?
A hairdresser uses a brush and dryer to style a woman's hair.
A woman uses a brush and a blow dryer to style her hair.
The couple on the stage danced in elaborate outfits.
A couple dances on a stage with unique outfits.
The couples wearing Halloween outfits danced on the stage.
Two couples dance on stage while dressed in black outfits.
The orchestra was performing music in the background while the crowd was moving to the music.
The background music performed by the cellist moved me.
A boy is performing some acrobatic moves while music plays in the background.
The boy listens to music while he smokes cannabis from his pipe.
The man smoked his pipe while listening to classical music.
If you listen, you can hear the music coming out of the smoke pipe
a person light a pipe and smoke it as he listen to music.
The kid builds a snowman out of snow.
The kid uses snow to build a snowman.
The kid used snow to build a snowman.
Kids that are outside building a snowman in the cold snow.
A man throws a knife at a board while standing
Throw the knife board by the stand.
I stood close to the wall and threw a knife at the board like a real magician would.
A man standing in sand throws a knife into a board
Sit on the stool and milk the cow.
A farmer sits on a stool and milks a cow.
A man sits on a stool, milking a cow into a bucket.
A girl had a song that was nervous to sing at the bonfire party. While holding the microphone a disaster acquired. Flames flew and singed the dress.
The pop star held the microphone to singe a song.
A child in a karaoke room holding a microphone singing a song.
Lindsey picked up a pencil and piece of paper and started to draw a picture of the suspect
The boy wants to draw a picture of a dog on a piece of paper, with his favorite pencil.
I like to draw pictures on paper using a pencil.
A person uses a pencil to draw a picture on paper.
The construction workers wear caps while working on top of the roof.
I wear a hard cap while working on the roof.
The man working on the roof wearing cap on his head.
Two men wearing caps and yellow raincoats on a roof working.
A bulldozer became dirty after pushing a pile of dirt.
The bulldozer is used to push the dirt pile.
The bulldozer pushed dirt into large piles.
A man driving a bulldozer pushing a big pile of dirt.
A boy sits on the bed to practice the guitar.
It is enjoyable to sit on a bed and practice playing guitar.
When I practice my guitar, I like to sit on a bed.
A woman sits on a bed as she practices speed guitar
I had to wait to cross the road because there was traffic.
The boy was told to wait to cross the road because the traffic was blocking the intersection.
She need to cross the road but there was heavy traffic so she waited there for a long time.
The chipmunk is waiting for traffic before he crosses the road.
The dogs jumps into the pool to get the toy
The dog saw his toy in the pool and jumped in to get it.
The dog jumped in the pool to retrieve his toy.
A dog jumps into a swimming pool after a toy.
The kids shoots the ball into the basketball hoop.
A kid shoots the ball through a basketball hoop.
The kid will shoot the ball through the hoop.
some kids in orange practice shooting a ball at a hoop
She bought a bag to carry her personal stuff to avoid holding in hand
The woman carries a bag that she holds in her hand.
Ali was carrying a bag of chocolates while holding his mother's hand.
A woman is holding a child's hand while carrying many bags.
At the mountain to ride a horse on the trail.
She was afraid to ride the horse on the mountain trail.
A group is riding horses down a trail through mountains.
Connor wanted to take a picture of Laurel in the air when she jumped.
The girls want to take a picture as the girls jump into the air.
Jump up  in the air to take a picture
The people jump in the air when the picture is taken.
A boy sits on the floor and throws a ball against the wall.
Girl threw the ball to the friend who sat on the floor.
Kids loves throwing ball onto the wall by sitting on the floor.
a man sitting on a gym floor throwing a black ball
A boy will run in the field holding a stick.
Taking hold of the stick, the boy decided to run through the field after a lizard.
Jim is running on the field holding a stick in his hand.
An athlete is seen running onto a field holding onto a lacrosse stick.
The water will squirt like a jet stream when the dog barks.
A dog runs away from a jet of water squirting from a hose.
As a jet flies overhead, a dog squirts water at its owners in a pool.
A jet of water is squirting the dog.
You can walk down the sidewalk in front of the building.
A boy can walk on the sidewalk in front of the building.
People walking on a sidewalk in front of a building.
can you tie a tie without while wearing a shirt?
The man wore a tie that he tied around the collar of his shirt.
A man ties a tie on the dress shirt that he wears.
A man ties a tan tie while wearing a blue shirt.
My mom eats lunch before watching a movie.
The couple will watch a movie after eating lunch.
After eating lunch, the plan is to go watch a movie with a group of co workers.
Two children eating lunch and watching a movie.
The girl learning guitar figured out the proper way to hold the instrument and move her fingers.
The man had to hold a finger on one string and move the other on the guitar.
The man moves his fingers while he holds the guitar.
A person holds a guitar and moves his fingers across the chords.
The woman sits at the table and peels potatoes.
A person can sit at the table and peel a potato.
A boy sits at the table peeling the potato.
A child sitting at the table tries to peel a potato.
A boy tells his dog to sit and wait for his treat.
The dog received a treat after sitting, and waiting until his owner told him to come.
The dog sits and waits for a treat.
The dog is sitting waiting for a treat.
She stood beside the car at the gas pump when she put the gas into the tank.
The car was running low on gas. A nice guy put 10 dollars on the girls pump.
A young man stands at a gas pump and puts gas into his car.
The carpenter grabbed his saw and proceded to saw the very colorful piece of wood.
The carpenter is sawing off a piece of wood with his saw.
A video of a saw sawing through piece of wood.
It's better to hold hands to dance music
The couple holds hands while dancing to the music
A man was holding hand of a lady while dancing for the music
Two girls in white shirts are holding hands and dancing to music.
A machine uses a metal piece attached to a cloth to polish other metals.
A man polishes a piece of metal in the machine.
The machine had a specialized piece of metal that was able to polish off any scuff marks on Tony's shoes.
A man is using a machine that is polishing a piece of metal.
The girl held a stick in her hand and the dog jumped at it.
The homeowner had to hold his dog from jumping on the mailman as the stick flew over his head.
Hold the stick so the dog can jump to retrieve it.
A man holds a stick while a dog jumps.
The girl had to wear headphones to watch her cartoon so she wouldn't disrupt her sleeping brother.
The woman likes to watch cartoons while wearing headphones.
A toddler wears headphones as they watch cartoons on the tv.
This project requires employees to wear hard hats to work.
Engineers must wear their hard hats when working on the  project out at the construction site.
An old man wearing a hat is working on a project.
My friend opens the bottle cap using an opener.
Open the bottle cap so you can use it to drink.
The man uses his hand to twist open the cap of a bottle.
In order to open the bottle you have to use a tool to remove the cap.
Two hands use one beer cap to open a beer bottle.
Playing has led the boys to build a house of cards.
A boy builds a house of playing cards.
A girl displays a house built out of playing cards
The expert holds a snake with hands while talking to the school children.
He talks while he holds the snake in his hands.
The man talked to the snake he was holding in his hand.
A man is talking while holding a long snake in his hands.
The knife had to be sharpened in order to cut the very thick carrot.
The woman had to sharpen the knife in order to cut the carrots.
A woman sharpens a knife in order to cut carrots.
At the gym the guy kicked and punched a punching bag.
The girl joined a class at the gym to kick and punch, but forgot a gym bag.
A man punched the stranger who kicked his bag at the gym locker room.
Several women punch and kick bags in a gym
A girl continues to watch as a baseball player hits a ball.
Continue to watch the ball hit the wall
Fans continued to watch the rookie baseball player hit the ball over the fence.
The girl continues to hit the ball around while the camera watches.
The artist continued to capture the movement of the ride at the amusement park in his sketch.
During the cab ride; the drivers movement was weird so i continue to capture their service on video.
They continue riding on horses while the camera captures their movements.
I have to carry a bag that has the shirt I like to wear.
The man wearing the yellow shirt was carrying a bag of money.
The girl did not want to carry her shirt or put it in a bag , so the girl had to wear her shirt.
A woman wearing sandals and a yellow shirt is carrying a tan bag.
Lie down on the table to receive your massage.
The young men lie awake while receive an erotic massage at 2AM, while a cold beer waits for them at the table.
There on the table lie a massage for me to receive
A woman is lying on a table receiving a back massage.
When he rides his bike, he tries to avoid hitting potholes because otherwise it makes him jump.
Sally was riding her bike, and over the jump ramp, and hit the curb.
A person riding their bike down a dirt track hitting jumps.
The family eats at the dinner table.
The family sits at the table to eat dinner.
The family eats dinner at the table.
family eating dinner round the table
I should apply more mascara to my right eye so it will look the same as my left eye.
The lady wore applied mascara to her eye and copied the look in the magazine.
The woman looks into a mirror and applies mascara to her eyes.
A woman is applying eye mascara to her eyes and looking closely.
The older brother kicks a ball to demonstrate the technique of scoring points.
The soccer player demonstrated the proper technique used to kick the ball.
A man demonstrates a technique used to kick a soccer ball.
I have to sit in a chair so I can hold my instrument to play it.
The boy sits in the chair and holds his instrument.
The orchestra all sit in chairs, holding their instruments ready.
two males each sitting in a chair holding an instrument.
Sit at table to craft beautyfull art
The woman loves art and often sits at the table working on crafts.
Two women sitting at a table doing arts and crafts.
The boy practices hitting a baseball in the open field.
During baseball practice the young boy hit the ball out to the left field where it was caught by another player.
During baseball practice the athlete hit the ball into the field.
A man is in a large field practicing hitting a baseball.
When the student cross and touch the dust area suddenly closed his eye and nose.
To cross my eyes I try to touch my nose with my eyeballs.
It is hard to cross your eyes and touch your nose.
A boy touches his finger to his nose and crosses his eyes.
The girl wore her new jacket while standing in line for the water fountain.
Her kids stood by the door wearing jackets soaked with water from the rainstorm.
A girl wears her life jacket while standing near the water.
A man wearing a leather jacket standing by water.
On the building site,  a side of the building is almost completed and the worker will work there until it is completed.
The worker only works on one side of the building.
The worker did some work on the side of the building.
3 workers work on the side of a building
A man holds a snowboard while a boy pulls a kite.
A girl holds a kite to pull her on a snowboard.
I want to hold a kite while being pulled on a snowboard fast.
A person rides a snowboard while holding onto a kite that is pulling him.
The girl wanted to watch the plane flying in the sky over the beach.
Watch the plane in the sky fly over the beach.
We love to sit on the beach watch the plane flying in the sky.
People watch the sky for a stunt plane fly over a beach.
The ocean stands calm as the sun sets.
If you want to stand in the sun near the ocean, set up protective gear like hat and sunscreen.
Somebody is standing in the ocean at sun set.
The little girl walked fown the street while dressed in her costume.
Highschool girls dress in costumes and walk down the street on Halloween.
The children filled the street as they walked from house to house in their costume's and princess dresses.
People dressed in costumes walking down a street.
She beat the egg in the bowl then cooked it & ate it with a fork.
I cracked the eggs into the bowl, and beat them with a fork.
A woman beats eggs in a bowl with a fork.
Someone is beating eggs in a bowl using a fork to funky music.
The girl begins the belly dance in the middle of the stage.
A singer dances in the middle of the stage to begin the concert.
The dance begins with all of the dancers in the middle of the stage.
Another couple begins dancing together in the middle of the stage.
The family enjoyed the beach during the day.
The family will enjoy a day at the beach.
The weather was so nice out so the family decided to go enjoy a day at the beach.
families enjoy a day at the beach
A woman adds ice and liquor to a glass.
The woman asked for ice to be added to the liquor in her glass.
The man adds ice into a glass full of liquor.
He pours ice into a glass, then adds different liquors.
The man holds the weight on his shoulders as he squats at the gym.
The boy at the gym uses many weights on the squat bar and hurt his shoulder.
He put a weight on his shoulder to do  squat at gym
A man is in a gym and doing squats with weights on his shoulder.
The machine electronically filled and sealed the bag.
The machine fills the bag with candy, then seals it shut.
The machine fills the bag and then seals it.
A machine seals plastic bags being filled with items.
The girl removed her hair by pulling on it, but then regretted her decision so decided to try to use tape to re-attach to her head.
A little boy put tape in a little girl's hair, her mother had to pull it to remove it.
Anka pulled her hair back with tape but had to eventually remove.
A woman pulls out some tape and removes a guys leg hair.
The group sat at the desk and wrote a new hit for the music soundtrack, once we gave them their pens.
Logan would hit the desk with his pen to the beat of the music.
The girl hits the desk with her pen in tune to the music.
A man is hitting two pens on a desk to create music.
The dog began to chase the cat down the street.
The dog chased the cat across the street.
The dog chased the cat down the street
Dogs are chasing cats in the street.
A mom walks into the kitchen and cracks an egg into a bowl.
The woman cracked an egg into a bowl while she made breakfast in the kitchen.
The man cracks eggs into a bowl in the kitchen.
Two people are standing in a kitchen and cracking eggs into bowls.
A boy sits and holds the toothbrush over the sink.
a boy hold the toothbrush tightly while sitting in a chair using the sink for brushing his teeth
Holding tightly a toothbrush, the man sits on the floor by the sink.
A baby sitting in a sink holding a toothbrush.
A wife waits for her husband to finish his shopping.
A man is waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
A man that wears a purple hat in the park makes wonderful music and invites everyone to dance.
A girl wears a hat and dances to music.
A person is doing a dance to music while they wear a hat.
A man wearing a cowboy hat is dancing to country music
I taught my dog to catch his toy with his mouth when I throw it.
The dog used its mouth to catch the toy.
Dogs catch toys in their mouths.
A dog catching a toy in its mouth.
A woman brushes a horse that stands in its stall as he sways its tail.
The horse stands in his stall, waiting for his owner to brush his tail.
The woman brushes the standing horses tail
A woman standing next to a horse brushing the horse's tail.
The young man was thirsty so he took a bottle out of the coke machine, twisted the cap off and put it in the bin before drinking the coke.
The machine will put a cap on the bottle when the bottle is full.
In a factory, a machine puts the caps on the bottles.
The machine is putting bottle caps on top of the bottles.
The student gave a report on the map in the front of the room.
News anchor was standing in front of the state map and was giving the weather report.
A man gives the weather report in front of a weather map
The lady talked about wearing her jacket.
A lady wearing a jacket talks to her friend.
The lady wearing the jacket talked loudly.
The man wearing his yellow jacket is talking to the lady.
The swimmer could hear the cheers of the crowd during his race in the pool.
A crowd cheers while swimmers race in a pool.
Swimmers are racing in a pool while the crowd cheers for them.
He used the hammer to hit the piece of metal.
The hammer hit the piece of metal with such force, that a piece broke off.
A hammer hits the metal piece.
A man is using a hammer to hit a hot piece of metal.
As the jogger ran on the grass, his toy whistle fell out of his mouth.
A dog runs through the grass with a toy in its mouth.
Food is on the grass, the dog touched it with its mouth then picked up its toy and run.
a dog with a toy in its mouth runs on green grass
The model attempted to insert her colored contact lens into her sensitive eye.
A man attempts to insert a contact lens into his eye.
As the man walks, he notices all the beautiful trees surrounding his path.
The women walked the path in the park that was surrounded by trees.
A dog walks on a path surrounded by trees.
People cannot continue to jump and swinge at the bar.
He continues swinging on the bars and ends by jumping down with his arms up.
She works out her arms using the gym equipment.
He put his arm on the equipment at the gym and put in work.
The man works his arms on equipment at the gym.
A man is in the gym working his arms using equipment.
The dog trainer showed the owner how to stand up to his aggressive dog and keep him from tearing up his grass.
The dog stands in the grass with its owner.
The dog stands next to his owner on the grass.
a dog stands on grass and waits for its owner
Run down the path but jump before you fall in the pit.
While running along a path I see a pit that I must jump over.
While out for a run on the path, the girl had to jump over the small pit.
A person runs down a path and jumps into a sand pit .
The old man sits down in a chair and smokes a pipe.
The man sits in his chair and smokes a pipe.
He sat in the chair smoking his pipe.
a young man sits in a chair and smoking a pipe .
The girl is taking pictures with her friends up the mountain.
A friend can take a picture of the mountain.
A woman goes with her friend to the mountain to take a picture.
A friend takes the picture from the base of the mountain.
That kid had to run after the balloon after throwing it away
The kids were running around in the yard, throwing water balloons at eachother.
The kid runs around and throws the balloon in the air.
A group of kids are running and throwing water balloons at each other.
Do not overlook the rock in the water as you sit on the bank of the river.
I can sit on the rock; and overlook the water.
The rocks he spotted ahead overlooked the water, so he thought he may find a nice place to sit and rest.
People are sitting on rocks overlooking the water.
The dog picked up the stick that was lying in the grass while on a walk.
The dog walks in the grass carrying a stick.
A dog walks through the grass carrying a stick.
I went to the skate park to try and skateboard and perform a trick
The boy performs tricks while skateboarding at the park.
II go to the skate park to perform and practice a new trick on the skateboard.
Two males skateboarding at a park and performing tricks.
SHe gave her instructions on how to braid her hair.
She gave instructions on how to braid the doll's hair.
A girl gives her friend instructions on how to braid hair.
A girl braid the hair of a doll while she gave instructions.
The girls looks at the boy and shakes her head and smiles.
The boy looks down, shakes his head, and smiles.
I told her to look and smile but she gave me a head shake.
Someone looks at someone, smiles, shakes his head.
A man was standing next to a gong and hitting it with a mallet.
A man hit the gong with the mallet.  When the gong was hit, it swung stand also vibrated.
A child stood up and hit the gong with the mallet.
A woman stood next to a gong hitting them with a mallet
I blow with my mouth into the flute that I'm holding.
The boy holds the flute to his mouth and blows.
Hold the flute to your mouth and blow.
A girl holds a toy flute to her mouth and blows into it.
The boy will sit on the suitcase on the floor to pack it.
The woman is packing her clothes in the suitcase that sits on the floor.
The woman sat on the floor, and packed her suitcase.
A man is sitting on the floor packing clothes into his suitcase.
The boys dribble the basketball and practice at evening times.
The guy practice basketball by dribbling multiple times.
A man spends time practicing basketball by dribbling down a court.
A girl in a gym is practicing dribbling two basketballs at one time.
The explorers will wear their helmets with a light while exploring the cave.
The boys went hiking near caves. Nightfall came, and boys crawled into cave wearing their light helmets.
The woman wore a helmet while she held a light in the cave.
A person wearing a lighted helmet is traversing through a cave
The lady tried to put a small sheet onto the large bed mattress.
The lady put the sheet on the bed.
a lady folds a white sheet and puts it on the bed
The girl sat on the couch for her hair to be brushed.
The girl sat on the couch brushing her hair.
i brush my hair while i sit on the couch
A toddler sits on the couch brushing his mom's long hair.
The man with the hat is standing with his arms folded.
Used arm to fold hat stand
Men wearing hats stand with arms folded.
The woman raised her arms once on top of the mountain.
A man said he would raise his arm in triumph when he made it to the top of the mountain.
The climber reaches the top of the mountain and raises his arms.
man with his arms raised on top of a mountain
The salesman told his tailor to sew, as per his instruction , the blue suit and to use the new sewing machine and give it to him to examine.
The woman will give instruction for the girl to use the sewing machine.
The teacher gives instruction on how to use the machine to sew.
A person giving instructions on how to use a sewing machine.
The young girl was standing,  holding a toy cloth animal that need to be stuffed.
The girl has to hold onto the stuffed animal to stand it up.
Girls standing holding stuffed animals
The man was at the gym and lifted a weight bar at the end of his exercise routine.
The woman was able to lift the bar with the weights on the ends.
The man lifted the bar with weights on the end.
A man dead lifts a weight bar with weights on both ends.
A dog jumps into waves at the beach.
The dog jumped into the waves at the beach.
The dog jumped in the waves at the beach.
A dog jumps out of the waves at the beach.
My cousin went to see an olympic snowboarder perform his famous trick. His trick was like he was floating on air.
By getting into the air, the snowboarder can perform a trick
The snowboarder performs a trick in the air.
A snowboarder performs tricks in the air.
When it begins to thunder, the dog will run on the ground looking for cover.
The dog runs to get under the cover on the ground.
The dog runs and covers ground.
a dog runs across the leaf covered ground.
The pedestrians fill the street, forcing the car to stop.
Hollywood and Highland is a street that is filled with both pedestrians and cars at all times.
The gardener needed to fill his car with soil, but had a hard time getting to the store because of all the pedestrians in the street.
Pedestrians and cars fill a busy city street
The vending machine stands in front of the building
The boy stands in front of the vending machine, waiting for it to vend his snack.
A man is standing in front of a vending machine.
Two boys stand in front of vending machines.
With a quick bounce the man took a dive off the diving board into the pool.
The man bounces on the diving board and dives into the pool.
The girl will bounce on the diving board before she dives into to the pool.
Two divers bounced off the spring board and dived into the swimming pool
The girls says she does not regret getting a tattoo on her hand.
The man would say that he regrets the tattoo on his hand.
The man regrets the tattoo on and says a hand is not a good place for one.
Woman's hand with a tattoo saying "No regrets"
The surfer will carry his board to the beach.
The surfer carries his board to the beach.
The surfer carries his board to the beach.
The surfer carries his board down the beach.
A person is standing on the street, wearing a hat, and smiling.
The man will stand and smile while wearing a hat.
The man wearing the hat stood and smiled.
Two men wearing hats stand together and smile.
A man wearing a hat took it off and let the pole hold it while he bowed.
Clowns in the circus ,wear multi-colored hats and hold poles in the hand to exhibit their performance.
A female skier holding two ski poles wearing a white knit hat.
A horse and its jockey race around the track in a popular competition.
The jockey mounted his horse by the track before the race.
Jockeys on horses race around a track.
The guys are getting ready to celebrate their friends birthday at the restaurant.
We are celebrating the birthday of a friend at her favorite restaurant.
Friends gather at a restaurant to celebrate a birthday.
A group of friends are celebrating a birthday at a restaurant.
The woman sits on the edge of the tub and shaves her leg.
The woman sits on the edge of the tub to shave legs.
Watching her sit on the edge of the bathtub shaving her legs, I realized how much I loved her.
A man is sitting on the edge of a sink and shaving his leg.
A man saw a spark fly from a socket at work last night
While flying at night, a spark from the engine caused the plane to stop working.
If you work at a mechanic shop at  night sometimes you can see the sparks from the engines fly.
sparks fly while welders work at night
The girl stands at the sink and brushes her teeth.
Standing by a sink, a girl brushes teeth.
Two children stand at the sink and brush their teeth.
The girl jumped in the air to catch the toy thrown by her brother.
The boy threw the toy in the air and had to jump to catch it
The woman jumps in the air to catch the toy that was thrown.
A dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
For Halloween, the couple decided to decorate the front of their house to use as a backdrop for the picture that they were posing in.
The couple chose a front facing pose for their wedding picture.
A couple posed for a picture in front of their new car.
couple posing for a picture in front of a palm tree
When the boat sails into the deep water, do not fall
The man fell into the water while sailing his boat.
A boat's sail must fall open before it can travel on water.
A man isA man is sailing on a little boat and falls on the water
The team carries their flag into the arena while wearing corresponding colors.
A girl will carry the flag across the arena while wearing a uniform.
A man is wearing a red jacket and carries the red flag into arena.
People wearing black and carrying flags in an arena
We teach toddlers to blow their noses into a tissue.
The mother held a tissue to the nose of the toddler and told him to blow.
The toddler blows his nose with the tissue.
A toddler in pink pajamas blows her nose in a tissue.
I surf in the water  with a great wave to music in the background
The beach restaurant played background rock music until the waiter tried to surf the channel to turn it off so we could listen to the crashing sound of the wave.
A person in the sea is surfing the waves as music plays in the background.
The man was given instructions on how to lay the carpet down.
The man gives his assistant the instructions to lay the new carpet in the room.
A man gives instructions oh how he is laying carpet in a room.
The boy ran back to the house after he collected all the eggs in his basket.
Children running to collect easter eggs in a basket.
The toddler runs to collect eggs in her basket on Easter.
Children run around a filed collecting Easter eggs in their baskets.
A group of people dance by kicking their legs into the air.
When I dance I kick my leg into the air.
A man is dancing and kicking his leg in the air while people watch.
The woman parked her car in front of the building.
The new worker parked his car in front of the building which was not allowed.
A group of ladies parked their car in front of the building near the park.
car parked in front of a building
The music teacher put her pen down on the table so the she could clap her hands to keep the band in time.
The teacher used the right hand to play music and used a pen to write notes using the table
Two hands with pens tap along to music on a table
The boy uses the controller by pressing the button, holding a button and pushing the button.
Alen hold down the power button on his controller and then pushed Sara away in anger.
The boy pushed and held down the up button on the controller.
A person holding an xbox controller and pushing different buttons.
The waiter was standing beside the table so that he could fold the napkin again.
The waiter folded the napkin so it would stand on the table.
While standing at the table, please fold the napkin.
A woman is standing by a table and folding a napkin.
the baby laughed when she took the piece of paper and tore it into tiny pieces and threw them into the air
The boy tears pieces of paper and lets out a laugh.
The boy laughs when he tears the piece of paper.
A baby in a chair tears a piece of paper and laughs.
The girl puts a piece of paper into the fax machine.
A machine makes paper but a piece of metal was put into the printer and broke it.
A MAN PUT PAPER PIECE IN MACHINE TT TAKE PRINT OUT
A person putting a piece of paper into a copy machine
He jumps in a pool while wearing a bathing suit.
Wear your swim suit before you jump in to the pool.
In order to jump into the pool people must wear bathing suits.
i jump in the pool while i wear a suit
A man wearing a bathing suit jumps into the pool.
The boy's hand pets the head of a cat.
The child pets the cats head with a hand.
The cat was pet on his head by his owner's hand.
A cat looks up, while a hand pets its head.
Wine is made by standing in a bucket of grapes and stomping them until the juice comes out.
A man was standing in a field putting grapes in a bucket for a group of women  to stomp.
People are in standing in large white buckets stomping grapes.
The trainer runs each dog down the course
The trainer would run behind the dog while it was completing the obstacle course.
The trainer watches the dog run through the course.
The class met in the park and in the distance watched an athlete throw around a discus.
A girl is throwing discus at a track meet while people watch.
Don't drop the fire stick you are juggling!
The juggler dropped the fire sticks when juggling them.
A woman is juggling sticks that are on fire and drops one.
The woman writes numbers on the balloon before the children pop them.
Sally will write a number three on her balloon and she hopes it does not pop.
The author wanted to write about a number of balloons exploding and so wrote "pop".
A man writes a number 5 on a balloon and then pops it.
The man uses the tractor to plow the snow off the road.
The city worker used the tractor to plow the road that was covered in snow.
A tractor is used is plowing snow from the roads.
A tractor was plowing the snow off the road
An animal could use a cart to push around or stuff in it things
The boy stuffs the cart with animals and pushes it out the door.
A baby pushes a cart while holding onto a stuffed animal.
I will catch the fish and then watch it flop in the snow.
The girl catches a fish that flops in the snow.
He did catch the fish, but just after it flopped on the snow
A fish is caught and men celebrate while it flops in the snow.
To keep a ball pumped you can kick the air.
the boy kick the ball it going air and keep the ball in stand
A boy kicks a pick soccer ball and keeps it in the air.
I apply the face lotion and rub it in.
A woman uses both hands to rub and apply lotion to face.
A woman applies lotion by rubbing in on her face.
A woman applies a lotion by tapping and rubbing her face.
To cut the wood you need to hold a saw.
I cut wood with the saw I'm holding.
The man holds a piece of wood and cuts it with a saw.
A person is describing how to use a hand held saw while the saw cuts wood.
The scientist looked in the microscope while examining a slide in his lab.
The scientist visited the lab to look in the microscope.
The scientist entered the lab to look into the microscope.
A scientist looks into a microscope in a lab.
She posed for the picture in the street she used to walk to visit her friend.
The group walks up the street and stops to pose for a picture.
A girl walks to the street and poses for the picture.
Two women walk along the street while another poses for a picture.
A nervous man will wring his hand, sometimes crack his knuckle and play with his finger.
The girl took the finger on her hand and cracked her knuckle.
A man stretches his fingers out on his hand and cracks his knuckles.
A womans hands are shown as they crack their knuckles on their fingers.
A boy standing on a beach flew the kite.
The boy stood on the beach, and flew his kite.
The couple decided to Stand Down by the beach and fly their kite.
A man standing on a beach flying a kite.
The group stands because there is no room to sit at the table.
You can stand or sit at the table in the other room.
A man stands in a room while his friend sits at the table.
People are standing and sitting at round tables in a large room.
An acrobat falls into a net from a trapeze during practice.
Should the trapeze artist fall during practice she had a net to catch her.
A gymnast can fall onto a net during practice by letting go of a trapeze.
A man practices swinging on a trapeze, then falls to a net.
A woman takes a picture of her husbands ride on a camel.
The woman wanted to take a picture of the camel ride.
The couple took a camel ride and stopped to take a picture.
a man riding on a camel back and taking pictures of it.
A man sitting on the subway train reads the newspaper on his way to work.
The woman reads the newspaper on the way to work.
A man reads the newspaper on his way to work.
I love to read the newspaper as I make my way to work.
He is on his way to work while reading a newspaper.
The man uses his hand to turn the faucet, washing his shirt with the warm water.
The woman turns on the water to wash her hands.
Alex was washing the car with his right hand with water and soap before turning around to talk to the customer.
A kid turns on the water and is washing his hands.
I stand on the roof to clean the gutter.
The man stands on a ladder and cleans the gutters on the roof.
The man was standing on a ladder cleaning out the gutter on his roof.
A man stands on a roof and uses an object to clean out a gutter.
The dog splashes the water from the small puddle.
The dog splashed in the water puddle.
The dog splashed through a puddle of water.
A dog splashes through a puddle of water.
I carry a ball to the beach as my dog loves to play with it.
A dog carries a ball and walks down the beach.
A boy told his dog to carry the tennis ball in its mouth while they walked down to the beach.
A black dog carries a ball near the beach
The player shoots a goal and wins the game.
The soccer player shoots the ball in the final seconds of the game, scoring the winning goal.
The soccer player tried to shoot a goal, hoping to win the game.
Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game.
A tourist attached to bridge with a bungee cord jumps into a river.
A woman bungee jumps off of a bridge over a river.
One time I went to jump with a bungee off of the bridge over the river.
A man bungee jumping from a bridge over a river.
A couple walked near trees as the leaves fell.
The couple likes fall because they can walk to their favorite tree
The couple during their daily walk, stopped and watched a tree fall after being cut down by the maintenance team.
Two couples walk under trees with falling blossoms.
A worker carries a cone into the street.
The construction worker carries the cone down the street.
A worker carried cones to line the street.
Two city workers carry traffic cones down a street outside.
A man uses a special pen and paper to write calligraphy.
Did you see the calligraphy she wrote on the paper with these pens?
I write good calligraphy with paper and pen.
A person wrote on a paper in calligraphy with a pen
The clown juggled 3 light blue balls over the fire.
A clown lit balls on fire, and juggled them.
I attempted to juggle the light ball, by the fire.
A man was juggling with three ball lighted with fire and the ball fell off
You should use an axe to chop that piece of wood.
Michael held an axe that he was going to use to chop a piece of wood.
The lumberjack used the axe to chop a piece of wood.
A man takes an axe and chops thick pieces of wood.
The fourth grade class, presented a science project in front of the school.
The boy was put in front of the class to present the project.
The girl presents her project in front of the class.
Some person presenting a project in front of class.
If you're not going to hold the snake put it in the cage.
The man holds a snake and puts it in a cage.
I put my snake in a cage, but it did not hold it.
A little boy is holding a snake and putting it back in the cage.
A man cleans the pool and the dog follows.
The man went to clean the pool and the dog followed.
A dog follows a man to a pool of clean water and takes a drink.
A guy cleaning a swimming pool with a dog following him.
A man sits in his car and drives a lap around the race course.
My niece will sit in my lap when I drive the car.
A little boy is sitting on a mans lap driving the car.
The man stops driving his vehicle to let pedestrians cross the street.
He saw a vehicle driving down the street and decided not to cross until it passed.
a person driving a vehicle while a person is crossing the street alone
A man burns an image into a piece of wood.
The image of the old man burning pieces of wood in the forest.
A person burns an image on a piece of wood.
A good athlete can shoot a basketball in the hoop while jumping on a trampoline.
The mans wants to shoot the basketball through the hoop jumping off the trampoline.
The child was so short, he had to jump on the trampoline in order to shoot the basketball into the hoop.
A guy shooting a basketball into the hoop while jumping on a trampoline.
An old man lays in bed rubbing his aching foot.
The woman laid on the bed so the man could rub her feet.
A woman rubs the feet of a yong boy laying on a bed
The dog chases the rabbit through the snow.
A dog chases a rabbit through snow.
The dog was soaked because it was chasing a rabbit through the snow
A dog is jumping over snow to chase a rabbit.
She packs clothes into a suitcase as she talks.
A young woman talks about her clothes as she packs them in a suitcase.
The man paints a piece of paper with spray.
A teenager uses a spray can to spray some paint on a piece of paper.
A man put down a piece of paper before he started to spray paint.
A person spray paints a piece of paper while rock music plays.
The girl sat and read over the music for the piano recital.
The girl sits at the piano to read her music .
I sit and read music while playing the piano.
A little girl is sitting down playing the piano and reading music
Come sit at the table with me for a game of dominos
We sat at the table to play a game of dominoes.
Two old men are sitting at a table, playing a domino game.
Men are sitting at a table outdoors playing a game of dominoes.
A dog owner was asked to bring a toy to the donation box.
A dog brought their owner their toy.
Dogs often bring their toys to their owners as an invitation for play.
dog brings toy back to owner
The girl twirls the stick to get rid of the fire at the end of the stick.
The performer could twirl a stick with fire at the end.
The tribesmen began their ceremony with a dance, in which the twirled sticks lit on both ends to simulate wheels of fire.
A man is twirling sticks with fire on their ends in the dark.
Mom used a knife to cut a slice of orange.
Be careful cutting orange slices with a knife.
I cut the orange into slices with the knife.
An orange is being cut up into slices with a knife.
The man rides a motorcycle and pops a wheelie.
The man riding the motorcycle popped a wheelie.
The boy popped a wheelie while riding the motorcycle.
A man is riding a motorcycle and popping a wheelie.
A family went to the park to fly kites way high in the sky.
The boy goes to the park to fly his kite in the sky.
A boy will fly his kite in the park high in the sky.
Kites being flown from city park in sky.
The boy decided to sit in front of his drum set to hit the cymbal.
The cymbal is very loud when I hit it while sitting at my drum set.
The musician sat at his drum set, and hit the cymbal.
A man sits and plays a large set of drums and cymbals.
A construction worker is welding pipes, causing sparks to fly.
A man welds a pipe and sparks fly.
A spark flies from the pipe as the man is welding.
Sparks fly as the pipe is being welded.
The teacher gives instructions to the students about how to solve the puzzle cube.
A boy asked if the girl could give the boy instructions to solve the cube.
A man gives instructions on how to solve a Rubik's cube
A dog fetches water with a ball.
A dog fetches a ball that's in water
A dog fetches a ball from the water.
A woman brushes her hair out of her face and uses her hand to fix it properly.
The woman brushes her hair out of her face with her hand.
She used her hand to brush her hair out of her face.
With both hands, he brushes someone's hair away from her face.
While at the beach, the girl threw a stick for the dog in order for him to catch it.
The man threw a stick down the beach for his dog to catch.
The dog on the beach catches the stick.
A white dog has caught a stick on the beach .
When you open a bottle of wine, you unscrew the cork.
Teresa opened the bottle using her wine key and discarded the cork into the trash.
A man opens a bottle of wine by removing the cork.
A man opened a bottle of wine with a screw cork.
A man will drink beer and eat chips.
The girls like to go out and eat chips and drink beer,
The woman is drinking a beer while eating chips.
Two men drinking beers and eating chips.
The girl dribbled the basketball and shot it into the basket.
The basket is a dribble away, shoot the basketball towards it.
A boy dribbles a basketball and shoots the ball, making a basket.
I wanted to cheer my dog in the race, he had sle.
At a dog sled race, people cheer as a sled rides through.
The woman performs strokes while she swims in a pool.
You performed the stroke well while swimming in the pool.
A swimmer performed at the pool by swimming while using his back stroke.
A man performs the butterfly stroke while swimming in a pool at night.
A man that wears a suit will come to shake your hand.
A man wearing a nice suit shakes hands with another man.
A woman shakes hands with a man who wears a suit.
Two men wearing suits shaking hands with each other.
The girl sits at the table to count her money.
They sit at the table to count the money.
Sit at the table and count the money.
A group of woman are counting money while sitting at a table.
The man's hand was wrapped in bandages, so he wears a glove over it.
The nurse wore gloves while wrapping the bandage on the patient's leg to be worn.
A knife cut through the workers glove and hand wrap underneath and had to wear a bandage because he got cut as well.
Two women wearing rubber gloves wrap a persons head with bandages.
The lady wore gloves before she dyes her hair.
A young boy had his hair dyed by someone wearing gloves.
Tim's mother watched him climb the wall while listening to music on his headphones.
The man climbed the wall to watch the music being played on the other side.
The man is listening to music as he watched a spider climb the wall.
Music plays while people are climbing indoor rock walls and others watch.
The worker put on his hat and jacket to wear outside.
The worker was told to wear a hat and jacket.
The worker needs to wear a hat and jacket for his job
Worker wearing jacket and hard hat with light.
The basketball coach like to have practice in the gym.
The basketball coach uses the gym for practice.
The basketball players practice in the gym with their coach.
Two girls practicing playing basketball with their coach in the gym.
The young woman carried a bag of stuff as she walked down the sidewalk.
The man carried his stuff while he walked down the sidewalk to his apartment.
A woman walks to the sidewalk carrying stuff from the beach.
Several people walking down the sidewalk carrying stuff to their next destination.
The man is going to demonstrate how to juggle balls while talking.
A man was talking while demonstrating how to juggle a ball.
A kid is demonstrating how to juggle balls while talking.
John saw a girl walking on the street while he was smoking the cigarette.
The man walked out onto the street to smoke a cigarette.
A boy walks and smokes a cigarette on the street.
a man walking down a street smoking a cigarette
The chef walked into the kitchen to prepare the meal ordered by the guests in the resturant.
A chef prepares the meal in the kitchen
The chef was in the kitchen to prepare a meal
A chef in a kitchen preparing a meal
The greyhound in the number three spot ran around the track faster than the previous winner.
The number one greyhound is running the track.
The greyhound runs over a number of tracks.
A tan greyhound, number four, is running at the track.
A big crowd gathered to watch the event.
The crowd at the event is told to gather to watch a video.
The crowd gathered at the event to watch the concert.
crowds gathered to watch event
To perform the trick, he would run and flip off the wall.
My brother likes to perform, he likes to run then flip off of the wall.
A man performs several back flips by running up a wall.
The couple will sit and watch the movie.
A couple sits to watch a movie.
A couple sits in a theater to watch a movie together.
A couple sits and watches a movie.
A boy used his hand to feed the fishes in the tank.
I watched the boy feed the fish in the tank by hand.
A man uses his hand to feed the fish in the tank.
A person is feeding fish in a tank by hand.
The air stirred as the bull ran past and I used my hand to grab ahold to ride it.
The girl wanted to ride the bull and raise her hands in the air, but she was scared.
The man rides the bull with one hand in the air.
A girl rides a mechanical bull with one hand in the air.
The athlete performs superbly at the long jump at his track meet.
An athlete performs a jump and meets the ground with his feet.
The athletes jump at the chance to perform during the track meet.
At a track meet, an athlete performs the triple jump.
Before going to work he had to get the snow shovel from the garage and shovel the fresh snow off the driveway.
Snow formed in the driveway have to be cleared using using big shovel and small shovel regulary.
The man used a large snow shovel to shovel the snow off the driveway.
Two males, with snow shovels, are shoveling snow in their driveway.
The man stood against the wall and stretched his arm.
The man stands and puts his arms against the wall to stretch.
He stood up, stretched, and rested his arm against the wall.
A man stood close to the wall and stretched his arm behind him
The boy sits in front to look at graffiti on the wall.
The street artist was hired by the city to paint the front wall of the community building with graffiti. After finshing the project, he sat and admired his work.
Teenagers sit in front of a wall with graffiti on it to eat their lunch.
A man sitting in front of a wall of graffiti.
Tom went to hold the tool in his hand when he felt his fingers lock.
A hand was holding a tool to use to fix the lock.
The man holds a tool in his hand to break the lock.
A woman holds a lock in her hand and picks it with some tools.
A teenager picks up a tool and chips it on a piece of rock.
The scientist used a tool to chip a piece of the rock to take back for lab testing.
A man uses bone tools to chip away at a piece of rock.
The player holds the football while running then stops to kick it.
The football player held and kicked the ball while the other team ran towards the player.
football (noun), hold (verb), kick (verb), run (verb)
A man holds a football steady and then someone runs and kicks it.
You can scramble to cook an egg in a pan on the stove.
The man scrambled eggs in a pan on the stove.
the mother scrambled the eggs, turned on the stove and put it in the frying pan.
A person scrambles eggs in a frying pan over a stove.
He angered his superior because he did not forget to wear his sunglasses, but forgot to bring his gun and helmet.
The kid is wears a helmet and sunglasses to protect him from the splatter from a paintball gun.
The group wears helmets and sunglasses when shooting guns.
they are two people wearing sunglasses and a helmets standing behind a big gun.
The man stood at the grill and placed the sausages on it he wanted to cook.
He placed the sausage on the grill to cook.
I cooked a sausage at the the grill in order to place it in the barbecue.
A person places several sausages on a bbq grill to cook.
Walk into room with phone to my ear
I walked out of a loud room so that I could put my ear up to my phone and hear better.
The lady walked around the room with her ear to the phone.
I talked on the phone through my ear as I walked to my room.
a baby walks around a room with a phone to their ear
The boy wears the hat to take a photo
The photographer took a photo of a girl wearing a hat.
The photographer wears a hat to take photos of the sunrise.
The man wearing a hat and headset is taking a photo.
A kid throws a ball to a bunch of friends.
A bunch of kids throw a ball.
A bunch of kids are throwing a ball back and forth outside.
A bunch of kids are running around and throwing a ball on a field.
The woman jumps to begin to perform her routine.
A girl began the gymnastics routine by performing jumps.
He jumps up on a beam and begins performing a routine.
The man demonstrates how to fold napkins with only your hands.
The man proceeded to demonstrate with one hand how to fold a napkin correctly.
A set of hands demonstrate how to fold a green napkin.
The man fed the piece of wood into the machine.
The man feeds the machine a piece of wood.
The lumberjack feeds the machine a piece of wood to be cut up.
A person is feeding a long piece of wood into a machine.
The man sits on the couch and holds his cup.
The girl holds a cup while she sits on the couch.
The woman would sit on her couch and hold her cup.
man holding a cup of coffee sat on the couch
He threw the hatchet to hit a bullseye on the target.
The man threw the hatchet, hitting the bullseye on the target.
A man scores a bullseye throwing a hatchet at a woden target.
A man rides his bike though a wooded area.
Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area
i stuck my foot in a barrel full of grapes that i wanted to stomp
In order to make wine, women stomp grapes by foot in barrels.
The women stomp grapes in a barrel with their feet.
The woman stomped on the grapes in the barrel with her feet.
A young boy stomps grapes in a barrel with his feet.
The cop told the vagrant to throw the object on the ground and turn around and walk away.
I saw a man throw an object then turn and walk away.
A man walks out in front and turns around and throws a sharp object.
The man uses the blower to clear leaves from the yard.
Out in a yard, a man uses a blower to blow leaves.
The woman took a fall in the snow on the ski slope.
Snow falls on the mountain slope that people ski down.
A guy is skiing down a slope and falls into the snow.
Connor pushed Laurel down, so her face turned red, hair messed up and her tongue stick out of her throat.
The woman's hair falls across her face as she sticks out her tongue.
My face had a lot of hair on it. I would stick my tongue out while I shave.
Baby with black hair sticking tongue out and making faces.
The fat man watches the pig turn on the spit as it roasts.
The pig was turning as it roasted on the spit.
A pig turns as it roasts on an open spit.
The machine throws sand on the floor when it works.
We had to work with the vacuum machine to get the sand off the floor.
Today at work I used a machine to sand a living room floor.
Pictures are shown of men working on sanding floors with machines.
A boy walks quickly on the sidewalk lined by trees.
The teenagers are walking in a straight line on the sidewalk next to a tree.
A blonde girl walks down a sidewalk lined with palm trees.
Alexis crossed the street wearing a yellow dress.
The woman crosses the street while wearing a green dress.
3 women wearing black dresses cross the street.
How to make a rope and chainsaw to cut high tree limbs.
The rope was hanging from the tree so the man cut it with a chainsaw.
The workers used a rope to life the chainsaw up a tree to cut its branches.
A person is in a tree with ropes and cutting with a chainsaw.
The girl wore a shirt but did not want to wear a hat when she went to sleep.
Change out of your hat and shirt and into some sleep wear
I do not wear a hat or a shirt when I sleep.
A man wearing a shirt sleeping next to a white hat.
A woman wears gloves to wash dishes.
I like to wear gloves when I wash the dishes.
She can wear gloves when she dish washes.
Someone wearing gloves washing dishes.
My sister likes to fill the balloon with water and throw them.
You can fill a balloon with water and throw it.
Little girls picked balloon filled with water and throwing it away.
The performer dances on stage in front of the audience.
Performers exhibit there  dance on stage to entertain audience.
The performer dances on stage for an audience.
Two performers dance together on stage in front of an audience.
A boy blows out a fire on stick that the boy was holding.
A boy holding a stick used bent to blow out a fire.
Allyson was holding a candle stick too close to her breath and accidentally blew out the fire.
A man is showing how to blow fire while holding a stick outside.
A boy was sitting down and wanted to look out by the far waving trees so he grabbed the binoculars off the floor and got a gaze.
A boy with binoculars sits on the floor near a window and looks out at a rare bird.
A girl sits on the floor and looks into a pair of binoculars.
The woman with binoculars is sitting on the forest floor looking up.
Ryan went from holding his hand of cards to throwing on the table in defeat.
A girl held the cards in her hand and threw them down.
Always throw the bad cards out of your hand and hold on to the good ones when playing poker.
a man holding a card in his hand before throwing it.
The teenagers would sit at a table and arm wrestle each other.
A person who wants to arm wrestle should sit at a table that is sturdy.
The men sat at the table to arm wrestle.
Two men sat at a table while wrestling with their arms
The boy sits and waits for his friend to arrive from the flight.
The woman will sit and wait for the friend to arrive.
A friend of mine arrives at my house and sits on the couch to wait for me.
Someone is sitting outside waiting for a friend to arrive.
The student laughed as she tripped running across the room to open the door.
A young boy opens the door to a room in his home while laughing.
The student was taught to cover the mouth with the hand should a yawn occur.
A boy covers his mouth with his hand when he yawns.
My hand cover my mouth while yawn
Three people yawn and cover their mouths with their hands.
The man uses his favorite tool to work on the object in question.
Using the tools provided work to find the missing object.
The girl will chose an object to use, preferably a tool to work with.
A man uses a tool to work on a rock type object.
I stepped on someone's foot as I was doing the dance shuffle to the music.
The dance was a fast shuffle form foot to foot in time with music.
He shuffles his feet when he dances to music.
with my foot i dance to music and shuffle
A man dances and shuffles his feet to music on a patio.
The man wears a uniform and rides a motorcycle.
You can wear a uniform and ride a motorcycle.
Two people wearing racing uniforms are riding racing motorcycles.
The boy rides down a hill on his BMX and jumps off a ramp at the bottom.
The man will ride his bike to the hill, using the ramp to jump.
The hill provided extra height for the ramp so that the bikers' could ride and jump at the same time.
A person riding a snowboard, is jumping off of ramps and hills.
When you stand and move your head and your leg, you begin to understand the value of stretching.
When a girl stands on her head her legs move in the air.
The fishermans leg got numb and his head was throbbing from standing too long and not moving much.
A lady was standing up side down with her head and moving legs alone
To play game kid needed to sit on floor
The kids sat on the floor playing thier game.
The kids will sit on the floor in order to play the board game.
A group of kids sit on the floor as they play a game.
i watched the band perform in the front row while standing on my brothers shoulders.
You can stand in a band to be in front and perform music.
A band stands at the front of the stage and performs.
Lead singer stands in front of his band while performing.
I will take that piece of metal and use the welder to weld it to another piece of metal.
A welder weld a metal piece.
The welder started to weld the piece of metal together.
A welder holds a piece of metal as they weld it.
As soon as she was done brushing her hair she walked out of the room.
She brushes her hair while she walks around the room.
The girl walked to the room to brush her hair.
Young girl talking and walking around a room while an other child brushes her hair.
The dog is sticking its tongue out as it walks down the street.
The dog sticks his tongue out while he goes for a walk.
The dog walks and sticks his tongue out.
The dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass.
The teacher asks the student to read from a book during class.
The teacher read the book to the class after lunch
A teacher is reading a book in class.
A dog has snow in the mouth while having a walk.
The dog went on a walk and kept putting the snow in his mouth.
A dog took a walk in the snow with a chew toy in the dogs mouth.
A dark-colored dog walking across snow with something in its mouth.
Husband and wife is sitting on the bench.
The husband and wife sit waiting on the bench.
The husband and wife sit on a bench.
Husband and wife sitting on a park bench.
The man jumped the ramp after covering the wall in graffiti to get away from the cops.
The teenagers were jumping the ramps covered in graffiti with their skateboards.
Using the ramp to jump, the man covered the graffiti with a sheet.
A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti covered ramp.
To reach the end of the pool you have to swim about 50 feet.
The girl swims until she reaches the end of pool.
A boy is swimming in a pool and he reaches the end.
The guy stand in front of the table and look at the food.
Don't just stand by the table looking at the food.
A mom looked at the food on the table as the kids stands and watches.
Women standing at a kitchen table looking at plates of food.
My boyfriend likes to focus on an arm exercise, he mostly doe his work at the gym with a machine.
The boy went to the gym to work on the exercise machine to improve his arm.
A boy exercises his arms using one of the machines of the gym
A man in a gym exercising his arms on one of the machines.
My dog is carrying an unknown object in his mouth.
The dog will carry the object in his mouth
A dog carried an object in their mouth
The dog carries an object in it's mouth.
A man sits in front of the computer next to a window.
The woman sat in front of her bay window working on her computer
The child sits in front of her computer and opens the search engine window to work on her homework.
A laptop computer sitting on a desk in front of a window.
The boy sits on the chair to blow the candles of the cake on the table
My son will sit down a the table and blow the candles out on his cake.
The boy sits at the table and blows out candles on the cake.
A baby sat at a table with a cake and blew off the candle
The town's folk watched the officer ride his horse down the street.
The police officer rides his horse down the street.
The officer went for a ride on his horse down the street.
Two officers riding horses on a city street. 
As the man waits to board the train, he hopes that there is not a large crowd on it.
The crowd waits to board the train.
I was about to board the train but there was a huge crowd and I had to wait.
A crowd of people wait to board a train.
He was getting his chest waxed, because he couldn't pull the strip off himself.
The wax was applied to the chest and then pulled and stripped away to remove the hair.
Getting chest hairs stripped then waxed off the body can make someone pull their hairs out!
A woman pressing a waxing strip on a man's chest and pulling it back.
The man wears a hat for a walk on the beach
She loves walking on the beach while wearing a hat.
A group of people wearing hats walk on a rocky beach.
I like to park the car near the sidewalk then walk to the store.
The car parked on the road, and then the driver walked on the sidewalk.
The worker was allowed to park his car on the sidewalk so he wouldn't have to walk far.
A woman walking past a car parked on the sidewalk.
The crowd stood in the background as they listened to the music.
The crowd stood in the background as the performer shared her music.
The crowd is standing in the background while music is playing.
A crowd stands in a circle while music plays in the background.
The student blows air into the balloon, then lets go after tying the end.
I let go of the balloon and watch it blow away quickly as it was picked up by the crisp, cool air.
If air is let out a balloon it will blow around the room.
A little girl blows up a balloon then lets the air out.
The woman went to demonstrate how to hand wash in the bathroom.
The father took his son to public bathroom for the first time and demonstrated how to properly wash his hands.
A person is demonstrating washing their hands in a bathroom.
The makeup artist used a brush to apply lipstick to the performer's lips.
Kylie Jenner gave a tutorial about applying makeup using her new brush and putting lipstick on her lip
A girl applies purple lipstick to her lips with a brush.
The guide held the rope firm while the child rode the horse around the canal.
A girl is holding tightly to the rope while riding the horse.
A boy holds the horse with a rope when riding it.
A lone cowboy riding his horse holding a lasso and some rope.
The couple had to wait until they could sit down at the restaurant to order their food.
The group went to sit and wait at the restaurant they want to order from
I need to sit and wait after I order my food in the restaurant.
A man sitting at an outdoor restaurant waiting for his order.
I pull the weight at the gym to exercise.
The man likes going to the gym for the pull up bars, and weight benches because it is good exercise.
at the gym a women pulls weights when exercise at the gym
The man is exercising his muscles as he pulls weights in the gym.
The son teaches his father how to ride a bike.
He wants to teach his son how to ride a bike.
He had to teach his son how to ride a bike.
Mom teaches son to ride bike.
I sat down on the step to put my shoe on.
The child sat on the step to put his shoe on.
A girl put the shoe on while sitting on the step.
A little girl sits on a step and puts on her shoes
A boy uses his hand to hold and eat a watermelon slice.
The girls uses hands to hold onto the watermelon so that it can be eaten.
you hold watermelon in your hand when you eat it.
A baby sitting down and eating watermelon being held in both hands.
The child is using a wand to blow bubbles from a bottle.
I always use a bottle to blow a bubble.
A child blows bubbles and uses his bottle to catch them.
A girl uses the top of a bottle to blow bubbles.
I have to wear my glove when I punch the bag,.
A man wears boxing gloves to punch a bag of sand.
He carried a bag & filled it with gloves to wear to punch at the boxing class.
A man wearing boxing gloves is punching a punching bag.
The boy rides his bicycle up a ramp into his driveway.
The bicycle ramp that we ride on is in the driveway.
She set up the ramp at the base of the driveway so she could ride her bicycle over it.
The boy rides his bicycle over the driveway ramp.
A boy carefully rides a bicycle down a driveway and off a bike ramp.
I will demonstrate the step needed to tie the necktie.
A man demonstrates the steps to tie a necktie to his son.
Bearded manin white shirt demonstrates steps to tying necktie
The crowd watched as the performer swallowed the sword.
The performer wows the crowd when he swallows the sword.
The crowd watches the performer swallow a sword.
Performer swallows sword while crowds watch him outside.
The boy sits at his piano and presses the keys to make beautiful music fill the room.
Lady Gaga sat on the piano bench and began to press the high note keys.
The girl sat at the piano and pressed a key on the piano.
A man sat behind a piano while pressing through the keys
The lady applied the wax so she could remove the hair from her lip.
A woman applies wax to remove her hair.
A man is applying wax to his abdomen to remove hair.
A kid rolls a ball of snow.
The kid rolled a ball through the snow to make a snowman.
It was funny watching my kid roll like a ball down the giant snow hill.
The kids were rolling snow up into a ball, leaves and all.
The man wearing pants was chosen to climb up the large rock.
A boy is wearing pants and is climbing a tree, but falls and hits his head on a rock.
The man wears pants when he climbs rocks.
A man wearing orange pants climbs a rock.
The girl blows her nose with tissue after she combs her hair with a brush.
The woman hit her nose while blow drying and combing the client's hair.
I had used the comb in my hair then had to blow my nose with a tissue.
A man combs a small boys hair and then the boy blows his nose.
A lady in a blue dress is dancing to hip hop music.
The man danced to the music with the lady in the dress.
The lady did a dance to the music as her dress spun around her.
three ladies are dancing in full skirted dresses while music plays.
The woman had to balance while walking on the tightrope toward the pole.
The tightrope walker balanced a pole on his head while he walked across the wire.
The pole is a crucial instrument in order to walk and successfully balance on a tightrope.
A man uses a pole to balance himself as he walks a tightrope.
A boy pushes a puck to the, it hits the table where it stands.
The girl pushed the puck from the stand to the table.
A girl took a puck off the table and pushed it down while standing
A man is seen standing before a shuffleboard table and begins slowly pushing pucks.
A baseball catcher tags the runner as he slides toward home plate.
The catcher caught the ball and tagged the runner as he slid home.
The player tried sliding into home plate as the catcher tried tagging him.
A catcher tags out a baseball player sliding into home.
The woman is talking on the phone ignoring the toddler walking around.
Stacy's toddler could walk and talk but she was not yet old enough to use the phone.
The toddler walked over to play with his dog while his mother talked on the phone.
A young toddler is talking on a cell phone and walking around.
The young man, a spectator at the Moto GP jumped up to watch as the bike crashed into the fence.
The spectator watched the rider jump the bike.
The spectator watches the biker jump a ramp on his bike.
Spectators watching people on dirt bikes jump off ramps.
Watch the dealer shuffle the card deck while the players sit at the poker table.
Oliver shuffled the deck and then sat back on the table watching others with a smile on his face.
A boy sits down at a table and shuffles a deck of cards.
A guy sits at a table shuffling a deck of cards.
She holds a flower, while he kisses her cheek.
The man holds a flower and kisses the woman's cheek.
The wife kisses her husband on the cheek while holding a flower in one hand.
Two men kiss cheeks while holding flowers.
A small kid reaches up to pick fruit off the tree.
The kid from next door was told repeatedly not to pick fruit from my apple tree.
Kids like go fruit picking trees during the fall.
A group of kids climbing in a tree and picking fruit.
The guitar player went up on stage wearing a shirt with the name of the band on it.
The man liked to wear his lucky shirt to play guitar on the big stage.
The group wears shirts with guitars on stage.
A man is on stage wearing white shirt with a red guitar.
His father was so angry that he hit the wall with an open wine bottle and shattered it everywhere
The open bottle hit the wall.
The open bottle hit the wall.
A man is hitting a wall and using it to open a bottle.
The surfer puts on their wetsuit before swimming out, hopping to catch some gnarly waves.
I will catch a wave with my wetsuit, because i am a surfer
The surfer in the wetsuit catches a wave.
A surfer in a wetsuit catching a wave
The woman looked angry, standing with her arms crossed.
The man crossed his arms and looked stern as he stood resolute.
She would stand with a cross look and one arm crossed over the other.
golfer stands with his arms crossed and looks into the camera .
Tears fall down a girl's cheek as the mother rolls her eyes.
The girl blinks her eyes as tears roll down her cheeks.
A tear from the boys eye rolls down his cheek.
Eyes closed, tears roll down her cheeks.
a chef chops vegetables in his kitchen for dinner
A chef chops vegetables in the kitchen.
team of chefs chopping vegetables in a commercial kitchen
The doctor demonstrates how to blow a nose.
The doctor demonstrated to the boy how to blow his nose.
Doctor demonstrate how to blow nose
A doctor is demonstrating proper technique to blow one's nose.
Some people will sit at a table and drum with their pen.
He sits at the table drumming the wood with his pen.
A man was sitting at a table using a pen a song while drumming the pencil.
A kid sits at a table and drums it with two pens.
The lady wants to wear a shirt that look's nice.
The lady looked for a shirt to wear.
A lady chose to wear a certain shirt and had a good look.
A lady looks at a man who is wearing a red t-shirt.
A boys used a can of paint to spray the wall.
The girl will spray the wall with the can of paint.
Someone is using a can of spray paint on the wall.
The man and woman will continue to move while walking and holding hands.
Please continue to move the hand.Walk this way.
He walks back to the camera and continues speaking while moving his hands.
The man cleaned the window wearing a new shirt.
The girl looks out the window before choosing a clean shirt to wear.
He cleaned the window with an old shirt he no longer wore.
Man in blue shirt wearing a harness while cleaning windows.
The arcrobat held a pole while walking on the high rope.
The man holds a pole while he walks on the rope.
a police officer walked toward a pole while holding a yellow rope.
a man walks across a rope outside while holding a large pole
The game will continue for several minutes, until the referee blows the whistle to signal the end of the match.
i blow the candle in a game and referee blows the whistle
The referee blows the whistle during the game.
referee blows the final whistle on the v during the game
The owner throws a stick and the dog returns the stick.
The owner made the dog return with the stick.
The dog returns the stick his owner throws.
A dog returns a stick to its owner.
The man washes his hands and dries them with the dryer on the wall.
Dry the hand washed clothes in the dryer.
A man is washing his hands and uses a dryer to dry his hands.
The girl feels pain when her ears are pierced.
When the needle proceeded to pierce the ear the man could feel pain.
When the girl got her ear pierced she felt pain.
A woman got her ear pierced and feels some pain.
A person is moving their boat through a body of water.
the boat moves smoothly over the body of water.
The boat in the water moves the fish's body.
A man steers a fast moving boat on a large body of water.
A boy holding a balloon pops it with a pin
The baby held the balloon until her brother used a pin to pop it.
The boy asked someone to hold the balloon, then he popped it with a pin.
People using pins to pop a bunch of balloons held by others.
She will wear her new shirt, and she smiles when her hair is styled.
When the monk wore his hair shirt he rarely smiled.
A woman wearing a black shirt smiles as she blow dries her hair.
The bird shook its wings in the bird bath in order to spread water over its feathers.
As the bird spread its wings you could witness the water droplets beading on the feathers.
The bird spread water all over a wing after bathing in the bird bath.
Bird spreads wings over water.
A man sweeps the sidewalk in front of the store.
A man is sweeping the sidewalk in front of his store.
THE EMPLOYEE HAD TO SWEEP THE SIDEWALK IN FRONT OF THE STORE.
A man sweeping the sidewalk in front of a store.
Chad wrapped his arm around her neck and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
The girl wraps her arms around her boyfriend and gently kisses his neck.
The mother will kiss the baby's arm and neck, then wrap the baby in a blanket.
She kisses him back, wrapping her arm around his neck.
The boy went to lay in on his bed, chewing gum he began to blow a huge bubble.
I layed on the bed and blew a bubble
Woman laying in bed and giggling while blowing bubbles
Everytime the broom moved, the dog chased it.
I moved near the dog and then chased him with the broom.
The woman used the broom to chase the dog because it would not move out of the house.
A man moving a broom around while a dog chases it.
The boys riddled with the flu use a tissue to wipe the snot from their noses.
The boy had a really bad cold so decided to use a tissue to wipe his nose.
A man wants to use a tissue to wipe his nose
Toddler boy uses tissue to wipe his nose while dancing around.
Please lie back and stick the tongue out.
The dentist told a patient to lie back and stick out tongue.
The dentist told the patient to lie on his back and stick out his tongue
A baby lying on the back while sticking out his tongue.
I used my arm to lift the weight and that is my work out
A man worked hard lifting weights to help strengthen his arms.
Lifting weights is a good way to work the muscles in your arms.
A man is working out and lifting weights with his right arm.
The volleyball player jumped in the air to hit the ball.
The girl jumps to catch the ball she hit into the air.
A man jumps up to hit the ball out of the air during the volleyball game.
a man jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball 
I like to stand when I use to axe to chop the log.
The boy used an axe to chop down the stand made of logs in the yard.
The man was standing and chopped the log with an axe.
A man stands on a log and chops it with an axe.
The building is being painted by the man who is hanging from the side by a rope.
A woman paints a building while hanging from a rope
In order to paint the side of the building, the painter has to hang from the side of the building with a rope.
A person hangs from a rope while painting a building yellow.
I accidentally put a piece of the puzzle on the floor.
A girl puts a piece in the puzzle on the floor.
A child put a piece of a puzzle on the floor.
A girl sits on the floor putting together pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.
The girl climbs a tree and jumps from a branch.
He climbed over the branch to jump out of the tree.
The cat climbed on the tree and jumped off the branch.
A teenage boy climbing a tree, grabs a branch and jumps down.
A dog experiences snow at this time.
My neighbors dog will experience snow for the second time this Month.
A dog can experience running in the snow during winter time.
the dog is experiencing snow for the first time
A boy wears a hat and looks at distance after a girl.
A driver looked in the distance and saw someone wearing a hat.
The man is looking for a woman wearing a hat in the distance.
farmer wearing hat and looking to the distance
The man competed in a no-hands eating contest.
Two teens compete in a donut eating contest, using no hands.
The boy watches while the dog enters the building.
The guard dog watched the building so trespassers didn't enter.
The dog watches the building where doctors are entering to perform late-term abortions.
A dog watches his owner enter a building
A referee flips a coin to decide which player goes first
The referee announced he was gonna flip the coin, requesting the players to gather around him.
To decide which player went first, the referee flipped a coin to make it fair.
A referee speaks to two football players before flipping a coin.
A man can not pick up a dump truck
The garbage truck picked up the can and dumped the trash in the back.
A man picks up an empty can and dumps it in a garbage truck.
A dump truck is picking up trash cans and dumping them
I drink a beer and talk with friends at a table.
In the centre of the table was a tub filled with ice and beer, cold and ready to drink as the young men came and sat at the table to talk about the days work.
When you drink beer, do you sit at a table or talk to the bartender?
A group of guys sit at a table talking and drinking beer.
The woman went to the bathroom to apply the dye to the hair.
Katie wanted to use the downstairs bathroom to apply the hair dye to her roots.
The elderly lady applies hair dye in her bathroom.
A woman is applying hair dye to her hair in a bathroom.
The woman walks to the front of the bus on the street.
The girl walks to the front of the house and sees the bus on the street.
A boy walks to the front street bus stop.
Two women walk on the street in front of buses.
The point of view of the film was a person on a bike ride.
A boy films his ride from a first person point of view
After watching the film, the boy and his father discussed the director's point of view on the ride home.
A man is filming point of view while riding a bicycle behind another.
the girl who sit in front of me have hair braid
The agent asked the woman to sit before she could braid her front hair.
A person is sitting in front of a mirror and is braiding their hair
A man folds a paper sheet with his hands.
The woman uses a steady hand to fold a sheet of paper.
I used my hand to fold a sheet of paper.
Human hands folding a green sheet of paper into four squares.
The man stood and skipped rocks across the river.
He stands on the bank of the river and skips a rock into the water.
While we were at the rivers edge, we could stand and skip over the rocks.
A man is standing in a river and skipping a rock
You can hold my hand while we sit here at the table.
A man and a woman are going to sit at a table and hold hands.
My boyfriend holds my hand and leads me over to sit down at the table.
A few toys sitting on a table holding hands.
A student raises her hand if she knows the answer to the teacher's question.
The girl will raise her hand when she wants to answer a question.
Teacher raise the question to the students. Few students raise the hand who know that answer.
A boy is raising his hand to answer a question.
The clown demonstrated how to twist a balloon into a shape.
A man demonstrates balloon twists by making different shapes.
A man demonstrates how to twist a balloon into shapes.
The woman had to wear a glove to clean the toilet.
The maid wears a glove while cleaning the toilet.
I always wear gloves to clean the toilet.
A person wearing gloves uses a t shirt to clean a toilet.
The teacher wrote the math problem on the board to explain it to her students.
The teacher wrote the answer to the math problem on the board and then explained how she arrived there.
The teacher writes the math problem on the board and explains how to solve it.
A boy is writing on a white board and explaining a math problem.
The farmer used the clipper to shear the sheep for its wool.
A girl shears sheep wool with a clipper.
A man uses clippers to shear the wool from a sheep.
A man uses clippers to shear a sheep of it's wool
A woman walks down the sidewalk holding her bag.
The woman took hold over her bag to walk down the sidewalk.
Thr lady holds the bag when walking on the sidewalk.
Two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk.
The couple hold hands on the sidewalk.
The couple would always hold hands while walking down the sidewalk.
The couple holds hands while strolling on the sidewalk.
Couple holds hands walking down sidewalk.
A kid eats a donut while sitting.
When the kid sit and eat the unprotected food kid will be donut.
A kid sits down to eat a donut.
The kid sitting in a high chair deliciously eats a donut.
She performed a routine skate as she rounded the rink.
She performed her routine well while skating at the rink.
I performed a routine by skating on an ice rink.
A girl is performing an ice skating routine in a rink.
I was preparing to cook food in the kitchen.
A girl prepares to cook food in the kitchen.
A cook prepares food in the kitchen.
Cooks in the kitchen preparing food.
Treats are given to the dog when the trainer teaches a new trick.
The man gives the dog a treat while trying to teach new tricks.
The teenager teaches the dog tricks and gives it treats.
A woman teaching her dog how to sit and giving it treats
The woman walking in the rain was wearing a red dress and holding an umbrella.
A woman wears a dress and holds an umbrella.
Two women wearing dresses are holding umbrellas. 
The couple sits on the bench to watch traffic.
A girl can sit on a bench to watch traffic.
The boys sit on the bench and watch the traffic drive by on the street.
2 girls sit on a bench and watch traffic.
A man listens to music on headphone while walking.
The woman walked down the road and listened to music with her headphones.
The woman listened to music on her headphones while walking down the street.
A man wears headphones and listens to music as he walks.
The man watches the bull before putting on his cowboy hat to go for a wild ride.
A man wearing a hat rides a bull as people watch.
Watch the cowboy ride the bull and swing his hat in the air.
Someone in a cowboy hat is trying to ride a bull, while others are watching.
The young girl holding a stick was wearing a red shirt and a blue pant on.
Holding my wet shirt and pants with a stick was difficult.
Man holding a large stick and wearing gray pants and shirt.
A lady was sitting on a bench but stood up to greet her friend.
A lady sits on a bench instead of standing.
The lady sits on the bench because she does not want to stand.
An elderly group of ladies sitting and standing by a bench.
Amy used her new straightener to straighten her hair.
Use a hair straightener to straighten hair.
A woman uses several straighteners to straighten her hair in a bathroom.
The woman wore a jean jacket has she walked down the street.
He was wearing his jean's jacket and having a walk in the street.
A girl in a jean jacket walks down the street.
A young man wearing jeans and jacket walking down a street.
A girl swings from a rope hanging from a tree and jumps into the water.
The tree had a swing made of rope that hovered above a stream of water.
The child swings from the rope in the tree and jumps into the water.
From a tree someone swings into the water from a rope.
The girl was peeling an orange with a knife and she cut her hand.
The boys grabs the orange in one hand and the knife in the other so he may peel his orange.
The woman picks up a knife in her hand and peels the orange.
A woman is peeling an orange with a knife while holding in its hand
The child held his mothers hand so he could pet the goat.
A little girl holding her dad's hand pets a goat and gets scared.
The golfer hit the ball into the hole.
The golfer hit the golf ball in the nine hole.
The girl narrowly missed another golfer while trying to hit her ball close to the hole.
A golfer stands with his putter hitting balls into the hole.
A boy set a cymbal on the stage and hit it with a stick.
when I used the drum stick to hit the cymbal on the drum set, it made a loud crash sound.
The drummer used his stick to hit his drum set cymbal.
A man holding drum stick hits the cymbal of a drum set.
The wax strip was applied to the girls two eyebrows.
Apply the wax to the paper strip and then place it on your eyebrow.
The lady applied the wax to a strip above her eyebrow.
A woman is applying wax and a waxing strip to her right eyebrow.
The dog wore a coat in the snow to stay warm.
Dogs get cold in the snow, so they should wear a coat.
dog wearing her coat in the snow .
A woman wear a jean shirt on a bike ride.
A boy wearing blue jeans and white shirt rides on a bike.
The man is riding a bike wearing jeans and a shirt.
A man in jeans and a tee shirt is riding a bike on the grass.
The factory worker uses a meat grinding machine to make hamburger.
The butcher uses a machine to grind meat for customers.
A machine is being used to grind up the meat.
A woman demonstrating how to use a Kitchenaid meat grinding machine.
The dog fell too sleep in front of the fire.
The dog likes to sleep in front of the fire.
A dog sleeping in front of a fire.
My best friend enjoys drinks while sitting at the bar.
The travelers sat at the bar to enjoy a drink before their flight.
I enjoy sitting at the bar and having a drink.
A girl and boy sit down to enjoy a drink at a bar
The women wears the glove to handle the snake.
You can wear a glove to handle a snake.
The zookeeper wears gloves to handle the snake.
A person wearing gloves handles a large snake
Some times I blow a bubble all over the shirt I like to wear.
The boy that is wearing the white shirt will blow a bubble.
A girl wears a pink shirt and blows bubbles.
A girl is wearing a red shirt while blowing bubbles.
The men watched the game while drinking beer.
Men like to drink beer while they watch a game on TV.
Watch the game and drink some beer
A man is drinking beer watching a rugby game.
The crowd cheer as the game comes to an end in the field
The crowd cheered the game on the field.
A large crowd are cheering on a game of soccer in an outdoor field.
The fans cheer with excitement as the team wins the game
The fans cheer for the team to win the game.
The fans cheered for their team at the game.
fans cheer for their team at game
a dog licks his nose and walks away
After taking our walk, my dog licked me on the nose.
The dog was being walked, but stopped to lick things and smell them with his nose.
The dog walked through the snow licking his nose
The owner watches a dog sit.
The dog sat and watched his owner grab the leash.
The dog watched it's owner waiting to be given a new command after being asked to sit.
Two dogs sitting inside watching the owner eat.
The barbell will drop to the floor following the lift.
The man dropped the barbell on the floor.  The man lifted it back up.
The man dropped the barbell on the floor when he tried to lift it.
A man is lifting a very heavy barbell and then drops it to the floor.
Boy with glistened eye gave me the nod.
The girl's eye glistens with tears as she gives a slow nod.
I went to give her a hug but I only gave a nod when I saw the tear glisten in her eye.
Someone gives a proud nod, his eyes glistening.
The girl got to feed the baby goat some milk with a bottle.
The farmer will feed the baby goat milk from a bottle.
A man is feeding a goat with milk from the bottle
The man lays down on the table so the lady can give his neck a massage.
The masseuse had the man lay on the table and began by massaging his neck.
A man is massaging a woman's neck as she lays on a table.
The worker drove to work on the highway at night.
A worker drives down the highway at night for work.
Workers had to work all night to open up the highway for traffic.
Construction workers are working on the highway at night.
A man walks to the street to meet a friend.
The teenager walked up the street to meet some friends.
Some friends meet in the street to have a walk.
A woman walking to meet her friends down the street.
The wind continued to blow the leaves around the yard.
The gardener will continue to blow the grass from the yard into a pile until he takes his leave.
They continue blowing the leaves across the yard.
The man is holds a plate while drinking a glass of wine.
The bartender poured a glass of wine into the large glass. The patron after receiving glass held it for a while, enjoying the aroma. She then finally started to drink the wine.
The man is holding a glass of wine and then drinks it.
Two men stand, hold glasses, and drink white wine together.
The dog drank water from a bowl.
The brown dog stood up to drink water from the bowl
Dogs drink water out of a bowl.
A dog drinks water from a bowl.
The jockey was riding the horse, he jumped suddenly when the  barrier came.
The jockey used the horse to jump over the barrier.
The jockey kicked the horse and that made it speed up so it would jump the barrier.
White horse with jockey jumps a barrier
The old man put the pipe in his mouth and smoked it.
The man smoked his pipe by putting it in his mouth.
A man puts two pipes in his mouth and blows smoke out his mouth.
A girl dips her brush in paint and then paints a picture.
The artist dipped the brush in the paint.
The boy dips the brush in paint and begins painting the wall.
A couple sitting on a bench enjoying the nice view of the sunset.
The couple sat on the bench, and viewed the sun setting.
The couple is sitting on the bench by enjoying the view.
rear view of a couple sitting on bench
The dog is wearing the dress like a jacket look.
We let the dog wear a jacket. He looked cool!
A dog doesn't look comfortable wearing a jacket.
The dog looks very uncomfortable wearing a jacket.
The boy rides on his uncle's shoulder while his uncle sits on a unicycle.
You can catch a ride on my unicycle if you sit on my shoulder.
The clown was riding a unicycle with a dog sitting on his shoulder.
A person sits on the shoulders of a man while he rides a unicycle
The dog, its teeth bared, ran toward her.
The dog bared its teeth as the children were running past.
A dog runs down a ramp, teeth bared.
The hockey player held his stick while he skated on the ice.
In hockey a player holds onto a hockey stick while skating on the ice.
The boy skates across the ice as he holds the stick.
A boy skates on the ice holding a hockey stick.
The boy sits on the couch with his dog and plays the harmonica.
When I play the harmonica, my silly dog sits on the couch.
A dog sits on top of a harmonica on a couch
The man was sitting on the couch with the dog as he played his harmonica.
In order to bobsled, you need to run, push and jump into the bobsled.
He ran and pushed the bobsled before he jumped into it.
I like to run and push my little sister so she will jump and bobsle in the pool.
two men push a bobsled at running speed and jump in
Every day I put my foot in the sock that I wear.
I wear socks that I put on my feet.
It was not until she put her shoes on her feet that Maria realized she was wearing two different pairs of socks
A person wearing colorful socks puts his foot into a sneaker.
The kids sat and watched their parents dance around the room.
A girl sits in her room and watches people who dance on television
Sit in the corner of the room and watch the kids dance.
Woman belly dancing in a room as people sit to the side and watch.
One man holds a board while another man breaks it with a kick.
The man held the board so that the student could kick and break it.
Holding the board away from the body will help me kick and break it.
Two people hold boards as a little board tries to kick and break them.
The boy swims to touch the wall in the pool.
While swimming in the pool, the boy's foot would touch the wall.
A woman touches the wall as she swims laps in a pool.
The father takes the potato peeler in his hand and peels the potato.
The woman said she prefers to use the mechanical peeler to peel the potatoes because it doesn't hurt her hands.
The hand used the peeler to peel the potato.
Two hands peel a potato  with a peeler by scraping it.
A man sits on a chair and looks at the newspaper.
By looking the newspaper a man is sitting in a chair.
The man is looking at a newspaper while sitting in the chair.
a little kid sitting in their high chair and looking through a newspaper
The rider jumps in the air while on a bike.
The rider jumped the bike through the air.
The bike rider hits the jump to get some air.
a rider jumps his bike into the air
The car drives down the street over the pedestrian walk way.
Driving a car on the street is appropriate while walking on the street is not.
People walk and cars drive down a busy city street.
The teacher gives instructions for the test by using variables and demonstrating proper usage.
A man gives instructions and demonstrates how to use a corkscrew
As the game continued the crowd watched from the side of the court.
A boy continues watching the baseball game from the side of the field after returning from the bathroom.
The man continues to watch the game from the side of the stadium.
The game continues on with people watching on the side.
The word logo appeared on the screen.
The word logo appear on screen
A logo appeared on the screen with the word Amazon.
A blue logo appears across the screen with white words in it.
Step on up young lady sit on Santa's lap, give him a hug and ask what you would like for Christmas.
Kids should ask before they sit in a lap, and give hugs.
He asked for a hug while I was sitting on his lap!
A mom asks for a hug from her child sitting on her lap.
The boy wears headphones in a room filled with drums.
A boy was in his room, wearing headphones while playing the drums.
Steven was wearing his headphones when he walked into the room so he did not hear the sounds of the drum playing
In a room a man is playing his drums and wearing headphones
The guy wore a shirt and jeans while walking down the sidewalk.
The man walking down the sidewalk is wearing jeans and a shirt.
A boy walks down the sidewalk wearing jeans and a shirt.
A girl in a long sleeve shirt and jeans walking on the sidewalk.
The man stretched his leg as he laid back.
A dog lays on his back and stretches his leg into the air.
a person lays down on their back and stretches their leg up
The woman uses a brush before she begins to blow dry her hair.
The girl will blow and brush her hair until it is dry.
Every morning the wife brushes her teeth, drys her hair, and blows the husband a kiss.
A small naked child brushes her hair and blow drys it.
The man pulls the boat into the dock so he can tie it to the post.
The group pulls the boat to the dock and ties it down.
When the boat pulls into the dock, the man will tie the rope to secure it.
A boat slowly pulls into a dock to tie it up.
The photographer takes a picture of the wedding.
A man that is a photographer is hired to take pictures of a wedding.
A photographer takes a picture of the wedding party.
Photographers taking pictures at a wedding.
The man walked on the street surrounding the building.
A man walks in a street surrounded by buildings.
The woman walked on the street towards her building surrounded by traffic.
A street surrounded by buildings and people walking.
The woman combs the mans hair before she uses her scissors to cut it.
Use a comb and scissors while cutting hair,
The hair was combed bfore being cut with the scissors.
A woman cutting a man's hair with comb and scissors.
A woman sits on the floor and massages her foot.
The woman was sitting on the floor while giving the girl a foot massage.
The woman sits on the floor to give the man a foot massage.
A girl massages her foot while she sits on a wood floor.
The boy climbs a rope to the top and then slides down.
The soldier at boot camp climbed to the top of the rope, then he slid all the way back down.
A man climbs to the top of a rope and then slides back down.
A parent watches their kid swim in their pool
The woman watches while the kids swim in the pool.
A lifeguard watches a kid swim in a pool.
Kids swimming in a large pool as a lifeguard watches.
When I go to the store I buy cream, after picking it up I wait in line to pay for it.
Our group went to the store to buy some cream and waited in line for nearly an hour.
The woman is waiting in line to buy ice cream.
I use a clipper to cut my hair in the bathroom.
the man used the clippers to cut his hair in the bathroom.
After cutting his hair in the bathroom he put the clippers away in a drawer.
A woman in a bathroom cutting her hair with clippers.
While using the microphone, the groups were able to hear, please sit down and listen to the talk given.
The host of the show talks through a microphone, while the audience sits and listens.
A boy listens, sits and talks in front of the microphone.
A man is using a microphone to talk while other men sit and listen.
A man stands at the front of a house getting ready to build a porch.
The architect stood in front of the house he built, admiring his work.
The family was standing in front of the house building a snowman.
A man stands in front of a house being built.
The athletes are on the track field practicing the broad jump.
The guys had track practice on the field and I saw how they were jumping.
A field that has a jump was a good place to practice rabbit track.
A boy practices the long jump at a track and field outdoors.
The man used a mechanical device to clean debris from the gutters at his house.
We used a device called a leaf blower to clean the leaves out of the gutter on the house.
The boy created a new device to clean the gutters on his house.
a man walking along a house using a device to clean the gutters.
Honda recommends that you check the tire pressure by looking at the gauge and by poking the tire.
After connecting the gauge to the tire check the pressure.
We need to check the pressure of the tires using that gauge over there.
A man is checking the pressure of a tire with a gauge.
The students listen when the teacher reads a story.
The teacher reads the story to the class, and the students listen.
The students listen as the teacher reads them a story.
Children listen to a teacher read a story.
The professor did not want to give a second lecture for one tardy student.
A professor gives a lecture to a group of students.
The professor gives a lecture to his students.
A professor is giving a lecture to students.
She demonstrates how to apply makeup to the eyebrows
A woman demonstrates how to apply makeup to enhance her eyebrows in an online tutorial.
A woman demonstrating how she applies makeup to her eyebrows.
A man was about to talk to his friend, but then he began to shake and had to sit on the chair.
As the man approached her she began to shake and asked if she needed to sit down in the chair to support herself for this talk.
The chair shook as the woman held on the it, while attempting to sit down for a talk.
A man sits in a chair and talks while shaking a maraca rhythmically.
She was carrying her shoes in her hands while walking on the beach.
The girl had to carry her shoes with her as she walked down on the beach.
Walking on the beach, the lady carried her shoes.
A man walks on the beach while carrying his shoes.
The girl sit in the chair to drink a cup of tea
A woman sits in her favorite chair drinking a hot cup of tea.
A baby is sitting in a high chair and drinking out of a cup.
A girl runs into the ocean and swims as the waves crash around her.
The big wave was about to crash when i went to swim in the ocean.
A wave crashes on a person swimming in the ocean.
watch the side of the ball as he throws it
The dad watches the boy throw a ball down the side of the field.
a girl watches a boy throw a ball from the side
People are watching on the side as one man throws the ball to another.
The man took a hit from the cigar and blew out the smoke.
The man was asked to take a hit of the pipe and blow out the smoke.
The girl took the hookah and would blow her smoke in the boy's face after she would take a hit of the hookah.
They take turns taking hits and blowing smoke.
A man ties the tie while listening the music on the background.
The music played softly in the background as she helped the boy tie his tie.
The man was tieing his tie while listening to music in the background.
A man ties a red tie while piano music plays in the background.
The boy kept a close eye on the cube trying to solve it.
The kid can solve the rubix cube with his eyes closed.
The boy can solve a Rubik's cube with his eyes closed.
a kid solving a rubix cube with her eyes closed.
A little girl watched her father shave his beard with a pair of clippers.
I picked out a pair of shoes and used a clipper to trim my beard since I did not want to shave it.
A person is using a pair of clippers to shave their beard.
The boat sail was attached with extra rope so the crew was able to ride over the sand bar.
The family had to ride their boat into the sand, attach to the port, and take down their sail before disembarking their boat.
The group attaches a sail and rides away from the sand.
A group of people are riding carts with a sail attached on sand.
He takes a picture of his father and son together.
The father tried to take a picture of his son.
The father takes a picture of his son.
A father is taking a picture of his son.
The dog wore a muzzle while running the race.
After his race, the dog was forced to wear his muzzle again.
The man made his dog wear a muzzle to race.
Several dogs wearing muzzles are racing on a track.
the man stop the vehicle in front of the park and he store the snacks in the bag
The vehicle parked in front of the store.
The teenager parks the vehicle in front of the store.
A vehicle parked in front of a store.
They noticed a lady standing out front of the clothing store wearing all black.
A lady wears something at a stand for clothing.
Two ladies wearing clothing are standing.
The man falls as the dog leaves the house and runs out to greet the man.
He was on leave when he fell and broke his leg while running from an angry stray dog.
Leaves fall off the tree and the dog runs to catch them.
The dog is running through fallen leaves.
The painter will cover the window before puts any paint of the building.
The painter avoided the window on the new building while painting.
The painter avoids painting the window on his building.
A painter is painting a window of a three story building.
A boy holds an eyes lens in place.
Hold the lens with your fingertip, then place it in your eye.
A person needs to hold themselves very still when placing a contact lens on their eye.
A person holds their eyelid and places a contact lens on the eye.
The boy wears a shirt with a number on it while he runs.
The athlete is running and wearing a shirt with a number on it.
A boy running in a race wears a number on his shirt.
Man running with no shirt wearing number 129 on his shorts.
A man in suit walks carrying a briefcase.
The woman wearing a business suit carries a briefcase when she walks into the office.
A man in a suit walks and carries the briefcase.
A man in a suit is walking and carrying a briefcase.
The man used a hand hold the mug by the handle.
The woman was handed a hot mug, so she held it by its handle.
The handle on the mug is small and would be difficult to hold with large hands.
A teenager wears a helmet as he rides down the ramp on his skateboard.
The boy had to wear his helmet so he could ride his skateboard down the ramp.
The boy rides his skateboard over a ramp while wearing a helmet.
A boy wearing purple rides a skateboard up a ramp.
On the walk from my room to the bathroom a ball hit me in my face.
The boy hit the ball as his mom walked into the room.
The men continue walking around the room and hitting the ball.
A man was standing on the front of the table looking for his watch in the upper cabinet.
The waiter was standing in the front to watch all tables.
A girl is standing in front of the lemonade table while watching the food fight.
People are standing in front of the table watching.
I help my mother to wash the dish.
The son helps his mother wash the dishes.
A small girl is helping her mother wash the dishes.
She cleaned the bottom of her shoe with a cloth.
I gad to clean the dog feces from the bottom of my shoe with your cloth.
The boy used a cloth to clean the bottom of his shoe.
The bottom of a shoe is cleaned with a cloth.
Please lie on the bed for a foot massage
A man is massaging his wifes foot as she lies on the bed.
The wife begs her husband for a foot massage as the husband lies down for bed.
A person massages someone's feet as they lay on a bed.
The man looks down from the mountain, of which he stands on top.
He stands on the mountain and looks over the top.
men stand on top of a mountain and look out
The butcher told customer to sit while he cut a piece of veal on the cutting table.
The woman sat at a table and cut a piece of cake to have for her snack.
The chef sat at the table and cut out a piece of the pie.
A large sandwich sitting on a table cut into pieces
I shave my friend hair what everyone else laugh on him
I will shave the hair of my friend, and laugh.
A woman shaving a boy's hair off while his friends stand round laughing.
The girl tried to carry her instrument in the Halloween parade but her dress she wore as a costume kept getting in the way.
The teenager carries both her band costume and instrument to start dressing for the parade.
The marching band dressed in costumes and carried their instruments in the parade.
A group of men are carrying instruments, dressed in costumes, seemingly in a parade
The chef is preparing food in front of customers on a grill.
The chef stands in front of the grill and prepares food.
A chef prepares his food in front of a grill
A chef is preparing a lot of food in front of a grill
The woman threw an object in the pool and the dog dove to retrieve it.
the man threw the object into the pool for the dog to  dive and  retrieve.
A man dived into the pool to retrieve the object he threw in it
A man throws an object into a pool before diving in to retrieve it.
The lead major marched the band down the street.
A major leads a marching band down the street.
A band leads a major march in the street.
A band marching down a street being led by drum majors.
The man standing in front of the car took a photo of us.
The car stands in front of the building while a man takes a photo
The girl chose to take the photo in front of the car with her boyfriend standing behind her.
A boy standing in front of a red box car, is taking a photo.
The waiter came to stand at the table while the woman read the menu.
A waiter stands at a table waiting for his customer to finish reading her menu and order food.
The customers were reading their menus while the waiter stood near the table to take their orders.
Two girls read a menu while the waiter stands at their table.
when is hold my hand into the current, it jostles and tumbles under the water.
A mother holds her son's hand so he won't jostle or tumble in the rapidly moving current.
The current jostled and tumbled the hand's hold.
Under water, people hold hands as they tumble in the jostling current.
The driver looked at the truck on the road as he rode by in his vehicle.
A dog is going to ride in a truck to look at the road and passing vehicle
The vehicle she chose to ride on the road was a truck as she likes the way they look.
A man riding in a vehicle is looking at a truck down the road.
A kid photographed his friend posing with a raft in the water.
A kid was on a raft in the water with his friend when he saw a fish posing dead.
A kid and his friend posed in the raft by the water for us to take pictures.
As a friend poses on a raft, kids play in the water.
The young boy covered in dirt sits in grass on the knoll
She sat on the grass on the knoll enjoying the sunshine, but found her pants were covered with dirt when she got up.
Grass covers the dirt of the knoll upon where I sit.
A young South American child sits alone on a dirt and grass covered knoll along a ravine.
Holding a mug, the teacher sits at her desk while wearing a jacket and using the microphone.
The desk was barely big enough to hold the the microphone and was so close to the window I had to wear a jacket.
A woman sitting at a desk and  wearing a jacket  holds the microphone.
Jack wears his jacket and holds his microphone while sitting at his desk.
Three women wearing white jackets and holding microphone hiding behind a desk.
A woman lays on the floor to stretch her legs, counting how long to stretch each leg.
The woman laid down on the floor and stretched the muscles in her leg for a count of ten.
The athlete laid on the floor, stretching his leg while counting to ten.
A man lays on the floor and stretches his leg while counting.
The short coat that I am wearing to hike up the mountain will cover my entire front and back.
The woman wore shorts to cover the front of the mountain.
Short man, who was wearing hiking clothes, was covered in dirt as he scaled the front of the mountain.
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
The class for art takes place at a facility.
A man takes an art piece in a class facility place
I wanted to take an art class at the top facility closest to my place.
The art class takes place in the facility.
Group class for martial arts taking place in an outdoor facility.
Taking wet clothes out of the washer and putting them in the dryer made her laugh as she remembered a funny meme on Facebook
The woman is laughing as she takes the clothes from the washer and puts them in the dryer.
The women laughed taking clothes from the washer to put into the dryer.
A girl laughs as she takes clothes from the washer and moves them to the dryer.
A man in a suit will watch from the shore as they fish from a boat.
A man in a suit on a boat watched fish near the shore.
THAT GUYS TOOK A BOAT IN THE RESORT SUIT TO WATCH AND CATCH FISH IN THE SHORE
Two little girls watch men fishing from a boat on the shore in bathing suits.
The fingernail technician laughed at the clip of the clippers blowing in the wind.
The girl clips her fingernails with a clipper, paints them, blows on the nail polish to dry it, then laughs at the pretty pattern.
A boy uses a clipper to clip his fingernail and laughs when the nail blows in his face.
A baby is laughing when a woman clips it's fingernails and then blows on the clippers.
the dog nd parrot sit on the ball filled with air.
The parrot sits on his perch and watches while the dog catches the ball in the air.
A boy sits on a ball full of air with his parrot, next to his dog.
A little dog looks at a tennis ball in the air and a parrot sits nearby.
A man watches from the side as the gymnast stands on the bar.
The gymnast stood on the side, watching her competitor on the high bar.
The crowd watched as the gymnast took a stand next to the side of the bar.
A gymnast is seen standing before a set of uneven bars while others watch on the side.
A man carries his pillowcase, his sandals, his shorts & his toddler up the stairs.
A female Asian toddler in shorts and sandals carrying a pillowcase.
I had to rub the button with my finger so it would not stick to my stomach.
A pregnant woman rubs her stomach while the child beside her sticks his finger into the rose shaped button on the wall.
Tickling or rubbing a stomach, a person might stick a finger inside a belly button.
A man rubs his stomach before sticking his finger in his belly button.
The girl walks over to the pump and begins to pump water that pours soda into her bucket.
The bartender pumped and poured the soda into the bucket.
The repairman poured soda from the pump into the bucket while his partner tried to pump water into the machine.
The man pumped the bicycle pump while the boys poured the soda into a plastic bucket.
Wear a helmet while sitting up front on your scooter and riding on the sidewalk.
Out front, we sat on the sidewalk and watched the children ride scooters with their helmets on.
The boy put his helmet on in the front to sit on his scooter and ride on the sidewalk.
Two men sit on a sidewalk with their helmets in front of a Vespa scooter.
The drummer and guitarist are set up to perform in the middle of the stage.
A drummer and a guitarist meet in the middle of the night to set up a stage
The drummer and guitarist are on stage, in the middle of their set.
A curly-haired male drummer and a guitarist on stage in the middle of a set.
The sign says the wait for the ride is 20 minutes, and riders should hold on tight to their money and other belongings.
The man waiting for a ride, saw a person holding a sign asking for money.
I saw a sign on the ride, so I decided to wait and hold onto my money.
The man held the sign waiting for money to pay for a ride.
There is a vagrant holding a sign while waiting for a ride and maybe some money
The marathon runner was not only given water after the race but also an umbrella to hold from the downpour of rain.
The woman gave the runner an umbrella to hold to protect him from the water.
The boy was given an umbrella to hold to stop the water from ruining his runners
On a rainy day, a woman holds an umbrella above a runner and gives her water.
When preparing a fire you should always have enough wood, but also a safety plan, and  Talk about safety features like having a pot of water nearby.
The man talks while putting a pot of water on the wood fire.
Campers use wood to create a fire so that they can boil water in a pot while they talk.
A man is talking about split wood and a pot of water over a fire.
The husband and wife kissed at the end of their wedding ceremony.
At the end of the ceremony the husband and wife kissed.
In the end of the ceremony, the husband kisses his wife.
A husband and wife are kissing at the end of a wedding ceremony.
He jumped into the river although he was not even wearing shorts because he just loves to swim.
a boy wears shorts in order to jump and swim in the river
A man wears shorts when he jumps in the river to go for a swim.
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim.
He rested his head after carrying a bag full of plates.
The bag will rest on a plate on her head that will carry the bag of oranges
A man carries a plate and a bag while another rests his head on a pillow.
A tall African woman is carrying multiple bags with a plate resting on her head.
The girl sitting at that table will swirl the wine in her glass before taking a drink.
A woman sits at a table and drinks wine she swirls around a glass.
The man at the table swirled the glass of wine before taking a drink.
Two men at a table are swirling wine in glasses when a man tells them to drink it.
The mechanic wears his gloves while putting the new tube in the tire.
The woman wears glove to remove tube from tire and then put into trash.
I wear a glove to put the tube into the tire
The person wearing white gloves is putting a inner tube inside a tire.
The baby wears a onesie and sleeps on her side to take a nap.
The baby wearing a onesie took a nap on the side.
The baby wears a onesie when he takes a nap on his side.
A baby takes a nap on his side wearing a onesie
a boy buys a bike bundle from a bike vendor and goes for a ride in nice weather.
A vendor bundled up against the stormy weather as he decided to ride his bike home early.
A man bundled up for cool weather rides his bike past a street vendor.
A player attempts to score a point for his team.
The player can attempt to score another point for the team.
A player attempts to score a point for the team.
The player attempted to score points for his team to get ahead
The street vendor cooks the food on the grill and then serves it to customers waiting on the street.
The man cooks food on the grill while serving it to people on the street.
The street vendor cooks food on his grill to serve to passers-by.
An older Asian man is cooking food on a grill and serving it to customers on the street.
The group of guys in Vegas knew how to insert their number card in the machine and enter the amount they wanted.
Insert the card into the slot of the machine and enter your number.
The customer inserts their credit card into the ATM machine and enters their PIN number.
A person inserts their card in an ATM machine and then enters their pin number.
The boy found treasure by sifting the dirt through water.
I sifted through the dirt under the water to find the treasure.
The man uses water and a pan to sift through dirt so that he can find treasure.
Playing in the water and dirt is fun to sift and find treasure.
A group of kids are sifting through water and dirt to find treasure.
The girl laughs as she tears the photo of a face off of the front of the paper.
The professor took the paper and began to tear it while beginning to laugh in front of the student's face.
A man put a tear in the front of the paper and his face gave out a laugh while he did it.
A baby laughs and coughs as someone tears paper in front of their face.
The factory worker checks the meat machine for quality meat production.
The worker checks the quality of meat by using a testing machine.
The worker checks the machine to ensure the quality of the ground meat is consistent.
A worker is grinding some meat using a machine and checking the quality.
We wear our best smile and laugh walking on the sidewalk.
A group of children laughs and smiles about what a teacher is wearing while walking on a sidewalk.
The ladies were walking home on the sidewalk laughing and smiling about the guys wearing makeup.
Three women wearing blue walk on sidewalk talking, laughing and smiling.
The girl wanted to wear her new top and skirt with her flops because it makes her boyfriend smile.
Someone smiles when a woman wears a top flop and a skirt.
A girl hits the bed with a flop, smiling, wearing a pink skirt and black top.
A woman smiles wearing a skirt , top and flip-flops.
The team posed for a picture on the field with a crowd in the background.
The team posed in the field, with the crowd in the background.
The concert was in the field, and the background noise of the crowd stunned the artist and his team into a pose.
A team poses on field with crowd in the background.
The woman who was viewing the sunset, saw a nearby building colored with bright red light.
There was a beautiful view of the red light of the sunset from the top of the building, and  The color was intensely bright.
The colors of the sunset's light shown through the windows of the building making it a spectacular view
The crowd  colored the building using the light  viewed from the sunset,
A romantic view of a building after sunset with sunset colored landscape lights.
To shave, pull your dress up, stand straight and put your leg on the toilet.
The woman put on her dress and stood in front of the mirror, and  She saw that she needed to shave her legs and decided to sit on the toilet instead of taking a shower.
A woman stands in front of the toilet to shave her legs before dressing.
a men shaves in a toilet standing on a leg without dress
A little girl in a pink dress is standing on a toilet shaving her legs.
A girl takes a picture of tulip in front of the room and kisses it.
The teenagers kiss in front of the tulips and take a picture.
The lovers take a picture while kissing in front of a tulip field.
A couple takes a picture of themselves kissing in front of tulips.
A photographer learns from his son how to use the equipment.
The photographer's son wants to learn to use the equipment.
My son is learning to use the photographer equipment to take photos.
A photographer and his son learning to use their new equipment.
The bird was trying to fly in the dark but flew through the air and hit the gong.
The bird flies through the air to hit the gong.
The bird made a gong sound when it flew through the air and hit the window.
A bird is flying in the air, then a man hits a gong.
The ball bounced on the top of the table holding a cup.
A girl bounces a small ball off of the top of a table into a cup.
The ball bounced onto the top of the table and knocked my cup over.
A person bounces a ball on the table with plastic cups on top of it.
The ball was attached to a string, and you win the game by spinning and throwing it.
There is a game played with a ball attached to a string and it spins around a pole when you throw it.
The girl attached string to the  ball  to spin or throw.
If you hang onto the string attached to the ball and throw it, the ball will spin in circles
A large man spins around and throws a ball attached to a string.
Being an early riser, he always finds a chair before the room is filled with people and there is no space to sit but stand.
You can use a riser to make more space under the chair and stand and fill it with extra pillows.
People filled on the riser spaces with standing on chairs.
The chair will fill the space next to the riser where I usually stand.
Rear view of a choir group standing on risers with a chair filling a space between the risers.
A man gave a tutorial on how to arrange a flower in a vase to give to a woman.
The tutorial given was about  how to arrange flowers in a vase.
A girl arranges flowers in a vase following the instructions given in the tutorial
A woman gives a tutorial for arranging flowers in a vase.
A girl wearing a striped shirt pushes a cart.
The woman pushed the cart while wearing a striped shirt.
The man wearing the shirt with stripes pushes the cart.
A child wearing a rainbow striped shirt is pushing a toy cart.
The boy found a cat sitting in a chair clipping his nails with his teeth.
The man sits in a chair to clip his cat's nails.
The veterinarian sits in a chair while clipping a cat's sharp nails.
a lady is sitting in a chair with her cat and clipping its nails
The lady take bread from the bag and put it on the plate.
The took bread from the bag to put on a plate.
a boy picked up the bag and found some bread in it he put a plate in his bag to take it with him to work
A boy is taking bread out of a bag and putting it onto a plate.
The grandma used her hand to pet the cat as she laid in bed.
A cat decided to lay on the bed so the man could pet it with his hand.
A hand is petting a cat that is laying down on a bed.
The wax was put on teh leg hair and pulled off quickly.
The salon will put wax on your leg and then pull the hair out.
You can put wax, or pull the hair on your leg to remove it.
A girl puts wax on a man's leg and then pulls out his hair.
A girl climbs a tree and jumps to the ground from a branch.
The boy climbed from the ground to the tree branch and jumped back to the ground.
A boy climbs a tree in the woods then jumps off a branch onto the ground.
I write for a newspaper where i usually rest my hand upon my chin when i edit my work.
He let his chin rest on his left hand so he could write on the newspaper with the other hand.
A man rests his chin on his hand while he writes the newspaper.
The men writing the newspaper rested with chins in hands.
An old guy writes on a newspaper while resting his chin on his hand.
The butcher cut the animal in the meat section.
The butcher cuts several sections of meat from the animal's carcass.
A butcher cuts the animal and keeps the meat in sections.
A butcher cuts up sections of meat from an animal.
With the use of a hammer, the coach hit the tire hoping it would knock loose.
A Senior employee of a mechanical workshop is coaching to a junior employee how to use and hit with an hammer a bolt, in order to repair a tire.
The coach used a hammer to hit the tire.
A woman uses a hammer to hit a giant tire at a gym while a man coaches her.
A boy in shirt sits on a sofa to work at the laptop.
The teenager wears a flannel shirt and sits on the sofa to work on a laptop.
A boy wearing a blue shirt sits on a sofa and works on his laptop.
Two men in black shirts are sitting on a white sofa and working on laptops.
After falling while running, he had dirt and grass on his lip, which he tried to lick away.
The girls ran around in the dirt and grass while the child nearby licked lips.
The kids run around in the dirt and grass, staining their lips as they lick their popsicles.
Small brown dog licks lips as it runs across grass and dirt.
When visiting a military base, we are to hold our head high, stand fast, do not walk and salute the flag as it is being raised on the pole.
A woman holds her head up as she walks into the building and stands by the pole.
The man can stand and walk on his head while holding a pole for balance.
A man is holding a pole and walking on a high wire with another person standing on their head.
The machine continue to move in order to capture the movement of the car as drove.
If we continue to move the machine will capture our movement on camera.
The man continues moving the machine all along the yard while the camera captures his movements.
The team put on their uniforms, then stretched out before performing their exercises.
The team performed stretches and exercises in their uniforms before the big game.
The team was not wearing their uniforms while they stretched and performed other warmup exercises.
A young women's soccer team with blue uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.
Before wearing the multicolor stockings she was carrying she had a designer stripe a few stripes
A boy, wearing striped stockings, is carrying a multicolor
The young couple watched as their kid climbed the tree closest to the river of water.
A young kid climbs up a tree and splashes a couple with water walking by.
the couple  and the kid climb.The tree next to the water
A couple of kids are climbing a tree by some water.
He bowled the ball, and as it rolled it struck the leg of a spectator.
The boy rolls the ball into the bowl with his leg, then strikes his sister with his hand.
When my wife and I have a chance we like to bowl, but i hate it when I roll the ball correctly but it hits my leg and I do not get a strike.
A woman is bowling and she rolls the ball from between her legs and got a strike.
The boy balanced on foot to push the ball in hand.
The girl can  balance a bal lon one hand and push a ball wtih a foot.
A man does push-ups with his hands and feet balanced on medicine balls.
The man in sunglasses walks across the street to buy a case of beer.
The man with sunglasses walked down the street with an open beer in one hand and a case with the 11 beers in the other hand.
On a sunny day, a man wearing sunglasses took a walk down the street to buy a case of beer.
A man in sunglasses walking down a street carrying three cases of beer.
The window cleaner stands on the ladder to clean the window with a squeegee
the man clean the window on the ladder stand by using squeegee
The man stood beside the ladder and cleaned the window with a squeegee.
A person standing on a ladder uses a squeegee to clean a window.
A man rubs his head while he sits in a field and watches the cows.
I like to sit in the field watching the cows and rubbing their heads.
A cow rubs its head on the grass of a field before sitting down.
A cow sits on the field and rubs its head on a branch of tree.
A man sitting in a field cradling and rubbing the head of a cow.
The floating pieces of wreckage from the shipwreck included bodies and barrels
A piece of wreckage from the barrel will float on the body of water.
There are some bodies and pieces of a barrel floating around the wreckage.
Frozen bodies float amid pieces of furniture, barrels and other wreckage.
The woman walks through the door frame after close and follows directions to her car.
The man needs to drive his car to pick up the picture frame before the close of business today because if he were to walk, then bad things would follow when his wife finds out.
The man in the car was too close to follow the woman who had a frame as she started to walk, the woman would notice.
A close up of a car is seen following by a person walking into frame.
The child put the marble on the track and watched it roll.
The boy put the marble on the track to watch it roll down.
The child put the marble on a track and watched it roll away.
If you put a marble onto a track you can watch it roll.
A boy is putting marbles on a track and watching them roll down.
I will connect the pieces of rope with a knot, then tie it around my waist.
The cub scout needed to make a belt, so he found some rope and connected it on one side with a knot and tied it around his waist.
The man connects himself to the cliff by tying a rope in a knot around his waist.
A woman ties a rope into knots that's connected to a belt around her waist.
Concerts are more exciting when the band jumps off the stage and surfs the crowd.
A man jumps off the stage and crowd surfs at a concert.
My exercise route includes holding bar with weights over shoulders while squatting.
A boy holds his shoulder weight bar and squat.
A girl holds the bar to train her shoulder, next exercise is squat and then, weight.
In a gym a man holds heavy weights on a bar on his shoulders and does squats.
A day at the beach makes a boy grow tired and turn away from the water.
the boys spent the day on the beach watching the water grow and turn.
Girls' skin grows browner during day at the beach as the sun turns higher over the water.
As the day on the beach grows cloudy, people turn from the water.
The woman wearing a dress stands in front of the man wearing a kilt and playing the bagpipes.
The man dressed in a kilt stood in front to play the bagpipes.
The man who is dressed in a kilt is standing in front of the castle and playing a bagpipe.
A man dressed in a kilt is standing in front of a church playing bagpipes
The woman sprayed the dog with a hose so the dog would not jump in the pool.
If you spray the dog with a hose he will jump in the pool.
He told me to spray the dog with the hose to see if he would jump in the pool.
The woman sprays the hose and the dog jumps in the pool.
My dog jumped into the pool after I sprayed him with a hose.
A dog is jumping in to a pool while being sprayed by a hose.
As the man attempts to climb the wall he makes sure he wears the necessary gear.
A woman attempts to climb a wall while wearing gear.
The girl attempts to climb the wall while she wears gear.
A man wearing safety gear is attempting to climb a large ice wall.
The quarterback throws and passes the football to the team during a game.
The quarterback threw the pass for a touchdown, and won the game for his team.
At the game the quarterback makes a pass throw to the receiver on the team.
Two football teams are having a game as a quarterback throws a pass.
The toddler dances in a pink dress to music.
A toddler dresses in a pink dress and dances to the music.
The toddler in the pink dress danced to the music.
A toddler dressed in pink is dancing while music is playing.
The girl sits on the ground holding a box of chalk, and writes her name on the pavement.
The boy holding the box of chalk, wrote on the ground.
Hold the box of chalk while I write a message one the ground.
While writing on the sidewalk, the box of chalk the boy was holding fell to the ground.
A blond man holding a red box is writing on the ground with white chalk.
I put a slice of orange into the jug of juice that was sitting on the table.
Sit at the table and eat a slice of pizza and have a jug of juice.
A woman sits at the table and slices fruit and puts the fruit juice in a jug.
a little girl is sitting at a table with a jug of juice and some watermelon slices.
A snowboarder rode the cubicle, that was hanging from a wire, up the slope.
A snowboarder coils and hangs up the wire he is working on in his office cubicle and heads to the slopes.
He decided to hang a photo in his cubicle with a wire of a snowboarder riding down a slope.
cubicles is hanging on wires and a snowboarder is snowboarding down the slope.
The girl dipped her wand in the soapy solution and blew a bubble.
The boy dipped his wand into the solution, held it in front of his mouth, and blew a bubble.
The man dipped the wand in the solution then held it up to blow a bubble.
A young girl dips her wand in bubble solution and blows bubbles.
The pelican cut the food floating from the watercraft.
While you float on your watercraft, cut some food and throw it to the pelican,
Pelicans are often cut when they float close to watercraft looking for food.
A pelican cut a hole in the watercraft floating over water in search of food.
A man is cutting food to eat, on a watercraft, while pelicans float nearby.
The woman stared at the color of the clothing, standing and wondering what she will wear.
People are standing around staring at something wearing the same color of clothing.
The man  kicked heels and jumped for joy upon receiving the news
The young girl began to jump and kick her heels together from pure joy of the good news she had just received.
Joy receives the good news and kicks up heels in celebration.
A young, sad man, kicks his heels in joy after receiving good news.
The lady holds a stick while she sits on the ground.
a lady sits on the ground in her garden and she holds a stick
A lady sat on the ground holding a stick.
A lady is sitting on the ground holding a stick.
The man sitting on the concrete slab, smiled and waved an item in his hand.
The butcher sits a slab of meat down with his hands and smiles as he hands my item to me.
The boy had a smile on his face as he asked his father to sit in the chair so that he could place an item, a slab of meat, in his father's hand.
Smiling children are sitting on concrete slab displaying a small item in their hands.
audience generally cover their head and wear suit to protect them from extreme cold in open air theatre.
A man in the audience had his head covered and was wearing a nice suit.
A man wears a suit and covers his head in front of an audience.
Two people are wearing nylon suits that cover their heads, in the audience.
While the dog sleeps in the bed, the cat bites at his collar.
The dog with the blue collar, bit the cat laying on the bed.
cat on the bed and the dog bite the collar of the shirt
A dog with a red collar on a bed is biting a tabby cat.
The teenager tip toed across the floor and stood on one foot.
The three foot  girl had to stand tip toe on the floor.
Close up of bare feet on wooden floor while standing on the tips of their toes.
He had to wear his hat and raincoat outside so his mom could quickly sweep the floor.
A man wearing a raincoat and hat sweeps leaves from the floor after entering the house.
A man sweeps the floor wearing a raincoat and a hat.
A man wearing a raincoat and a white hat is sweeping outside on wet brick floors.
There is a boy on the bridge, and   He is wearing a red shirt, and  He is holding a bottle of soda, and  He looks scared.
The boy decided to look over the side of the bridge while holding his water bottle and wearing a red shirt.
A cyclist in a white shirt is holding a water bottle and looking over the bridge.
A man wears sunglasses and a blue shirt while running a race.
Nobody knew who the guy running around the race track wearing sunglasses and no shirt was.
Wear sunglasses and a shirt while running the race.
A woman wearing sunglasses, a red shirt and black shorts runs in a road race.
The students receive the awards on stage and shake the principals hand.
The boy received the award and shook the presenters hand on the stage.
The celebrity walked onto stage with a hand out stretched ready to shake with the director and receive the award.
A man comes up on stage and shakes hands with another man receiving an award.
The man smiled while driving a car with a cup in the hand.
A man driving a car picks up a cup of warm coffee with his right hand, drinks the coffee, and smiles.
A woman smiles and drives her car with her coffee cup in her hand.
I smile when I drive my car with a cup of coffee in my hand.
A smiling man driving a car while holding a cup in his hand
The redheade wears a costume when she rides her horse in a rodeo.
A young redheaded girl wearing a Spider-Man costume is riding a hobby horse.
A person can use a peel which is a tool to skin an apple.
A girl uses a tool to peel the skin off the apple
The lady used a tool to peel the skin off of the apple.
A man uses a power tool to peel the skin off a apple.
The girl sitting on the swing which hangs from a tree is wearing boots and a sweater.
Women wear a easy swing dress with boots with sweater hanged on top.
I like to wear a sweater and boot in the cold while I hang a swing.
A young boy wearing a gray sweater, blue jeans and boots hangs upside down in a tire swing.
The kids practiced at school to perform at the event.
the kid practice juggling to perform in a school event
Kids are practicing for an event that they will perform at school.
The players wearing coats listened for the bus.
The player who was wearing a blue coat listened for a bus.
A mean wearing a coat listens to his 8-track player on the bus.
A sailor in a white dress holds tickets to a show why she walks down the sidewalk.
A sailor on a sidewalk holds a dress with a ticket.
The sailor holding the ticket got dressed on the sidewalk.
A man dressed up as a sailor holding tickets and posing on the sidewalk.
The swimmer used  smooth strokes to swim on  the side of the pool.
I like to swim and yesterday I saw a swimmer at the side of the pool complete an impressive stroke.
A swimmer is doing the butterfly stroke to swim back to the side of the pool.
The bulldozer will push dirt and rock from the pile
The bulldozer pushes dirt and rocks into a pile.
A bulldozer is used to push piles of dirt and rock.
A large bulldozer pushes a big pile of dirt and rocks out of it's way.
The man in the jean shirt closed his eyes while playing his guitar.
a man in jeans and shirt close his left eye and play the guitar
The singer, in a denim shirt and jeans, began to close her eyes and play guitar.
A man in a black shirt and jeans plays the guitar with his eyes closed.
The woman is driving a snow blower down the side of the road as snow blows everywhere.
A boy blows snow in the blower and drives it by his side.
The boy used the leaf blower to blow snow up the side of the drive way.
A guy drives his snow blower in the snow as it blows snow to the side.
Turn the handle to close or open the door
You can turn the handle to open or close the door.
A woman turns the handle and opens the door then closes it.
A man turns a handle on a door open it  then closes the door again.
The mason put the brick onto the wall and used a mallet to pound it into place.
A worker pounds the brick in place with his mallet, straigtening the wall.
A person lays and pounds bricks in place with a mallet to make a wall.
The animal will chase a dog with a string around its neck because it likes to run after stuff.
A dog is an animal that likes to chase cats and other stuff, and  A string makes a good dog leash.
Dogs are animals tthat will chase strings and stuff
An animal that chases a dog and then the strings are stuffed
A dog chases a stuffed animal attached to a string.
The man opens and closes his mouth, which reveals his gums and lips.
Please do not open and close your mouth and smack your lip when you chew gum.
The girl opens her lips to blow a gum bubble and closes her mouth with it pops.
Open your mouth and put the gum inside your lips, then close your mouth.
A child opens and closes her mouth with gum stuck to her lower lip.
A baby sits on the floor and drinks milk from a bottle.
The boy is drinking his bottle of milk while sitting on the floor.
While sitting on the floor, the toddler drank milk from a bottle.
a baby boy sitting on the floor and drinking a bottle of milk
The worker could not see the cloud of dust rising behind him, and  He instead was busy trying to create more work for his brother.
There is a dust of clouds coming this way. The workers stopped working to create a tent for cover
The work the workers were doing created a dust cloud.
The worker, while working, created a cloud of dust.
A worker creates a cloud of dust as he works.
The line of cars leaving resemble a locomotive.
A car leaves leaves two people in line to catch a vehicle that resembles a locomotive.
The car resembling a locomotive left the line.
Two drag racing cars resembling train locomotives are leaving the starting line.
The bus driver told the woman not to talk so loud on her cellphone as he drove.
The student rides on the bus and notices that the driver is talking on his cellphone while driving.
While on the bus, the driver was not allowed to talk on a cellphone and drive at the same time.
A bus driver talking on a cellphone while driving the bus.
The clown dresses in multicolored clothes to perform his act.
a group of people dressed in multicolored clothes perform an act
After school, the kids ran around the football field and played catch.
A kid ran on the field to catch the football.
The kids were running and catching on the football field.
A kid runs to catch a football on a field and catches it.
The singer in the sequined shirt stands in front of the microphone and holds a guitar and a lighter that singes his fingers.
The man with the guitar holds the microphone as he throws his shirt cause it singed
While the songwriter sings into a microphone and holds his guitar, a fire starts, but luckily only singes his shirt.
A man in a yellow shirt is singing into a microphone while holding a guitar.
She uses a stick to walk up the mountain and binoculars to look at the view.
To enjoy the view of mountain one has to grab a stick and walk along, not to look at it with binocular.
The girl takes a look a through the binocular and finds a mountain and takes a walk over with a stick in hand.
An old man with a walking stick uses binoculars to look at mountains.
The hitch-hicker stands on the side of the road holding a sign
The boy was standing on the side of the road holding a sign.
I was told to stand on the side of the road and hold a sign.
A man standing on the side of a road holding a stop sign.
The girl can sit at the table and count the money using her hand.
I can sit at the table and count all of the money I made with one hand.
The man will sit at that table to count the money in his hand.
He sits at the table to count money by hand.
A man counts  his money in his hands while sitting at a table.
A man wearing sunglasses lays his head on his backpack.
The guy wore his backpack and sunglasses while he laid his head down on the pillow.
A man wearing sunglasses lays his head on his backpack.
A woman wearing sunglasses is laying her head on a backpack like a pillow.
The man riding  on the horse attempted to lasso the cow.
The cow made an attempt to lasso and ride the horse.
A young cowboy rides attempts to lasso a cow while riding a horse.
The women places the glass she had been holding on the table with a lamp so that she can fix her hair.
She held the lamp over the glass table, her hair hanging down.
A woman with black hair holds a martini glass at a table with a lamp.
A mail carrier will scan a package once it is delivered.
A teen sent a package to be delivered in the mail which was scanned by the carrier.
The mail carrier scans packages in order to deliver them.
A mail carrier delivers mail and scans a tan package.
The audience sat to watch the game on the tv stand
The man sits to compete in the chess game, while the audience stands to watch in anticipation.
The audience at the game was full of those that chose to sit or stand but everyone one was watching.
An audience is sitting in the stands watching a game on the field.
The little girl is leaving her home and lining a path of stone while walking to the tree.
The boy leaves the path to walk to the tree in a straight line.
The boy leaves his school line to walk on the path through some trees.
A person in dark clothing is walking down a path lined with autumn leaved trees.
A woman wears a headscarf and stands on the cobble stones in the courtyard.
The man cobbled the courtyard in his headscarf as he stood there wearing a smile.
She stood outside the courtyard, quickly cobbling her torn headscarf with her sewing kit so she could wear it.
Women wearing headscarves stand in a cobbled courtyard.
The boy started to chase the ball alone, while the player of the century held it alone without the support of his team.
Our team player has a hold of the ball he throws it the wrong way now we chase after the ball , and  .
The team watches as the football player holds the ball and runs as he is chased.
A player chases the ball in order to hold everyone in the team.
A football player holding a ball is being chased by the Knights team.
The man demonstrates how to use the machine to grind meat.
She demonstrated the use of the machine to grind the meat
A man demonstrates how to use a machine to grind meat.
A woman demonstrating how to use a Kitchenaid meat grinding machine.
The diver swam pointed to the school of fish swimming in the background, and Fish swim in schools.
The diver watched the school of fish swim by while he floated in the background.
A diver swims to school and catch a fish, when he gets there he puts the fish in the background.
A school of fish swimming around a scuba diver with music in the background.
The little boy smiles while holding onto the rope and wearing his helmet.
The mountain climber will smile while he holds his rope; of course he wears his helmet.
The girl smiles and wears a helmet as she holds her rock climbing rope tightly.
A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling.
Coat the front of the painting with gloss, making sure you hold the stand.
A boy stands in front of a painting, holding his coat.
He was standing in front of a painting by holding his coat
Sarah holds a painting of Jesus Christ, as she stands in front of a church wearing a coat.
Three kids stand in front of a painting while a man stands nearby holding coats
A man turned on the bathroom faucet and placed a hand under the water while rubbing soap onto the skin.
The man turns on the faucet, then rubs his hands together in the water.
the man rubbed his hands down with soap, and then turned the faucet on to wash his hands off with water.
A woman turns on a bathroom faucet and rubs her hands in the water.
The coached watched the athlete jump over the bar onto the mat.
The crowd watches the athlete jump over the bar and land on the mat.
The pole vaulting coach watched as the athlete jumped over the bar and landed on the mat.
A man jumps over a hurdle bar and onto a cushioned mat while other athletes watch.
"He crack the knuckle so the action produce the sound."
The action of me cracking my knuckles produces a sound.
A boy performs the action of cracking knuckles to produce a sound.
A woman is cracking knuckles and producing sounds because of her actions.
Lets sit at the restaurant and eat cheese and drink wine.
The teenagers sit in a restaurant Enjoying eating and drinking wine with friends.
A couple sit down in a restaurant to eat dinner and drink wine.
Three people are sitting in a restaurant, drinking wine and eating salads.
A boy jumping over a pile of snow falls to the ground.
He jumped and fell to the ground in a pile of snow.
After i jump onto the object a pile of snow will fall onto the ground.
After fall,the boys will jump into piles of snow on the ground.
A young man is jumping on a pile of snow and falling to the ground.
The woman watches in disbelief as the boy shoves food in his mouth.
A girl watched in disbelief as a monkey shoved food in its mouth.
We will all watch in disbelief as the competitive eater shoves food into his mouth.
One man shoves food in his mouth as another watches in disbelief.
Running the marathon helps raise money for cancer research.
A man was running a marathon to raise money for cancer research.
Many people run the marathon to raise money for cancer research.
A group of people are running a marathon to raise money for cancer research.
A lady uses cut up old pieces of rug to wipe the window.
The lady used a rug to wipe the window.
On cleaning day, the lady uses the steam cleaner to clean all of the rugs, and then she wipes all of the windows with a rag.
The lady use a rug to wipe off the paste on the window.
Upon winning the award, he was required to give a speech in front of a crowd.
The crowd roared, as the award was given to the front runner up after he gave his speech on why he should win.
The girl, who won the award, gave a speech in front of a crowd.
The girl receives an award in front of a crowd and then gives a thank you speech.
A person is giving a thank you speech for an award in front of a crowd of women.
The lady sits on the step to smoke while using the laptop to access the internet.
While smoking a cigarette, the man sat down and followed steps to gain access to his laptop.
The woman had access to sit on the step to smoke and use a laptop.
A man sitting on some steps smokes a cigarette while accessing his laptop.
The man put on his jeans, shirt, and cap and carried his lunch pail and drum to work.
The woman was wearing a leather cap, a blue shirt, and blue jeans, while using an old pail as a drum.
The boy wanted to drum in his rock shirt, jeans and cap but all he had was a pail.
A man in a black t-shirt, cap and jeans is playing drums on an upside down yellow pail.
The dog stood on the platform and looked at the rubble.
The dog stood on the platform to look at the rubble below.
The dog looked at the platform, standing on the rubble
A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble.
A girl wearing a pink shirt holds the score marker while her classmates run around the track.
Young boy in white shirt runs on a track holding a marker.
The professor gave the students in the hall a list to fill of assignments.
Professors and students fill the hall, looking for the casting list.
The professor checked the list while students filled the hall.
A lecture hall filled with students listing to their professor inside a college.
The man pops the cork of the bottle and takes a sip.
Pop the cork off the bottle and take a sip.
He will pop the cork for that bottle of wine so we can take a sip to taste it.
A man pops the cork on a bottle of wine and then takes a sip of it.
A girl stands on the stage holding a piece of paper.
The man was standing on stage holding a piece of paper in his hand.
I watched him stand on the stage trying to hold onto the piece of paper.
The girl holding a piece of paper stood on stage.
A group of children stand on a stage holding pieces of paper.
A woman shaves her legs and then sets the hair on fire.
A mom shaves the hair on her legs while the sons set a fire.
He wanted to shave the hair from his leg, so he set it on fire.
A woman is shaving the hair on her leg and attempting to set it on fire.
"Shoot the running dog and ride like a horse," said no one ever.
The man riding the horse with the running dog went shooting.
A dog runs by while the man rides a horse and shoots.
A man rides a horse and shoots a gun while a dog runs behind him.
The lady explains the process of applying makeup.
The sales lady applies makeup to customers while explaining the process.
The lady applied makeup, while explaining the process to the camera.
A young lady applies makeup under her eyes while explaining the process.
A woman sits in the morning light, eating food from a box and a bucket.
The boy would sit the bucket of food in a box under a light.
please put the  food in the bucket and sit the bucket on the box next to the light.
Group of men and women sitting on boxes and buckets in a space with medium light and food.
Boy wearing blue glasses was popping knuckles on his hands.
The girl pops her knuckle on her hand while wearing a ring and holding a glass.
Wear protective gear when working with glass to prevent damage to your hand and knuckles due to popping.
A man wearing glasses is popping his knuckles on both of his hands
The girl painted a picture of a boy with a cute face wearing a blue shirt.
Paint a picture of a face on a shirt that I can wear.
A woman wearing a pink shirt paints a child's face and takes a picture of her.
A young girl paints her own picture wearing a red shirt and a painted face
The turker griped that there was a problem with the photo and was invited to redo their work.
The turker invited a friend, but griped about the problem with the photo.
This photo invites amazon turkers to gripe about trivial problems.
As I stand in the room with my arm and hand around the ball, I wait to throw at the person across from me.
Upon walking into the room, please stand, extend your arm, open your hand, and take the ball.
The girl wanted to stand and throw the ball in the room, but her hand and arm were broken.
A man standing in a room is balancing an orange ball on his arms and hands.
Cheerleaders cheer when teams take the field.
The people and  the cheerleaders were cheering for the team on the field as they take their seats
The cheerleader was instructed to take the team out into the field to cheer the players.
A football team takes the field while cheerleaders cheer.
The front gate between the street and our home needs to be clean to meet HOA requirements.
A man cleans the front gate of his home in the street.
Our home is clean, including the front gate facing the street.
A man cleans the streets in front of a gated home.
The little boy sticks out his tongue while holding a jacket and balloon.
The boy wearing a jacket and holding balloons,stuck his tongue out.
A girl holds her stick with a balloon attached while her jacket flaps in the wind and her tongue is out catching snowflakes.
A small girl in a gray jacket holding a red balloon is sticking out her tongue.
Give simple instruction to hit baseball off tee.
The coach gives the toddler instructions to hit the baseball off of  tee.
A man is giving instructions on how to hit a baseball of a tee.
I cannot balance myself on this tightrope because it's not properly tied to the pole, I want to use a stick to walk.
The acrobat balances on a tightrope with the use of a pole and walks across.
The woman uses a pole for balance to walk on the tightrope.
The acrobat walked across the tightrope using a pole for balance.
A man uses a pole to balance himself as he walks a tightrope.
Individual has to descent down the market to buy meat grill.
A descent individual grills the market with meat.
An individual goes to the market to buy descent meat to grill.
Several individuals, some possible Aborigine, descent at a street market, grilling meat.
The fireman sat in front of his firetruck to talk with others on duty.
The fireman and firewoman stood in front of the firetruck to talk about their duty to save lives.
The fireman on duty talked from the front of the firetruck.
Four firemen talk in front of a firetruck while on duty.
A girl sits and holds a box with her eyes closed.
The woman told the girl to sit down, close her eyes, and hold the box on her lap.
A man closes his eyes while he sits and holds a box.
A woman sitting on the subway is holding a white box while closing her eyes.
The girl, standing on a hill, will shoot an arrow from her side when the deer approaches.
Its tough to stand on the side of a hill and try to shoot an arrow.
The girl stood there while shooting the arrow down the side of the hill.
A man standing on the side of a hill shoots an arrow from his bow.
A toddler sits on a bench and cries with his finger in his mouth.
A toddler sits and cries with his finger in his mouth,
The toddler sat there crying, with a finger in his mouth.
A little toddler is sitting on the ground and crying with finger in mouth.
Look and see for yourself, if you run your finger through your hair, you will finish it in no time.
A woman ran her fingers through her hair to finish her look before running out the door.
He runs his fingers through the hair to finish off the look.
The girl watches a bunch of boys run and jump into a pit.
A mom watches a bunch of kids run and jump into a pit of balls.
A bunch of girls watch a boy run and jump into a pit
A bunch of people are at a track field watching someone run and jump into a sand pit.
Stand in front of the mirror and snap the front of the shirt closed with your fingers.
Annalese's finger was cut down, so she took a snap of it meanwhile I stand, although the blood was all over her shirt's front.
The girl used her fingers to button the snaps on the front of her shirt while she was standing in front of the mirror.
The man standing in front of the room, in a yellow shirt, snapped his fingers for everyone's attention.
A guy stands in front of tee shirts and starts snapping his fingers.
You cannot stop your car in the middle of the road to visit a fruit stand.
The car stopped  and stood in the middle of the road.
The line of cars were standing still, and  The first car in the line had stopped to allow a family of ducks to waddle across the middle of the road safely.
The car screeched to a stop when the driver saw a person standing in the middle of the road.
The car was in the middle of the road, stopped with no one standing around it.
An old woman standing in front of a stopped car in the middle of the road
The male sits, and   play a game at the table, and  The game is chess.
The male sits at the table to play a game of chess.
The males sitting around the table were playing a game of chess.
A male is sitting at a table playing a game of chess.
Two males are sitting on a table playing a game of chess.
That man didn't want to clothe himself properly so he just walked wearing a robe through the hallway even during the day.
This day, I will walk along our hallway and clothe myself only with only my robe.
Clothe yourself in a robe if you want to walk the hallway in the day time.
He put on his robe so that he would be clothed when he walked in the hallway to take a shower the other day.
Women, clothed in full black robes, walking down a hallway during the day.
Hold this statue of a football player in a quarterback position.
The statue is of the player who held the position of quarterback.
A quarterback is being held onto by another player in the statue of liberty position
The man strikes the watermelon with a knife, cutting it in half, with the top sliding off of the bottom.
The chef grabbed a knife from the top shelf and cut the watermelon in half with one swift chop
The lady cut the watermelon in half with a knife and put it on the top of the table.
A watermelon is cut in half with a knife on top of a wooden cutting board.
The dog jumped from the back of the boat into the water.
Dog in the boat jumped down into the water to catch the prey and  climbed back again.
A dog jumped from the back of a boat into the water.
A light colored dog jumping off the back of a boat into the water.
The man used the machine to fill the casing with sausage meat.
The sausage machine can fill the casing with meat making sausage.
A machine is filling a casing with ground meat to create a long sausage.
She cleans her dry face with a paper towel near the toilet.
A boy cleans his face with water and dries his face with toilet paper.
A girl does not use dry toilet paper even if it is clean to wash her face.
A man using toilet paper to dry his face and clean a toilet.
A fisherman watched a fish flop onto the ice.
The fisherman wanted to watch as the fish would flop on the ice.
The fisherman watch the fish flop when placed on ice.
A group of ice fishermen watch a hooked fish flopping on the ice.
The newspaper was placed on the table to be read; however, the toddler had other plans for the paper.
The toddler placed the newspaper on the table for her father to read.
I had to place the newspaper on the table to read it with the toddler running around.
The father placed the newspaper he had been reading on the table to attend to his toddler.
A toddler reads a newspaper and then places it a table.
The sales entitles a customer to take a discount at the store on North Street and other places.
I am entitled to take the street by the store to place my dog.
The boy was entitled to take his place in the queue at the store, which was down the street.
Im entitled to take my place in line atnthe street stores.
A festival taking place on a street beside a store entitled "Mcdonalds".
When the girl mounts the diving board, she will bounce once, flip in the air, and dive into the pool.
The girl bounced on the board, flipped in the air, and performed a straignt dive in to the pool.
A man bounces on a diving board, then does a double flip while diving into the pool.
The elephant helped guide the tour group and helped them cross the river.
The leader of the tour  will guide the group and cross the river to see the elephant.
The tour guided the elephant to cross the river.
A guided tour crosses a river on elephants.
Beautician let her  to  laid down on the table for giving  face massage
The girl gives massages when people lay face down on the table.
A masseur gives a massage to a woman laying with her face down on a table.
A woman is laying face down on a table while a man is giving her a massage
The desk  next to the box.It looks like it will hold a computer and a phone
The boy sits at the desk in front of the computer, looking at the box as the phone rings.
A man looks into a box on top of his desk for his laptop computer and phone.
A person is looking at the computer on a desk with a phone and a box.
The elderly woman stood by the ocean at the beach, wearing her new bathing suit looking out over the water.
A girl wearing a hat stands on the beach to look at the ocean.
The girl is standing on the beach and looking out at the ocean while wearing a bathing suit.
A child wearing a hat is standing on a beach looking out at the ocean.
The lady wears sunglasses to walk through the field and talk to her friend.
The lady wears sunglasses as she talks to students on the field.
A lady walks onto the field while wearing sunglasses and talking to her dog.
Two ladies wearing sunglasses are talking on a field.
Johnny chopped the tree in half with an axe while standing on the log.
I have to stand to chop the log in half with an axe.
Using an axe, you can chop half a log and use the wood to make a wooden stand.
I chopped a log in half with an axe while standing.
A man is standing on a log and chopping it in half with an axe.
A man parks his car and watches a crane lift a dead body from the water.
The car could not park next to the body of water because a crane was in the way.
The car parked next to the water, where a crane was washing his body.
Two cars are parked by a body of water by some cranes.
Take care your hand not take fire when you hold a scale near the wall, there must be a cooking machine nearby.
A diagram for scale on the wall shows how to hold a fire extinguisher in your hand in case of fire.
The boy had to hold on tightly to scale a wall by hand to escape a fire.
The girl held her friend’s hand as they scaled the wall to get away from the fire
A man is scaling a wall while holding fire in his hand.
The chef will first sharpen the knife with a stone, then demonstrate its sharpness.
The chef used the stone to demonstrate how to sharpen the knife.
a chef demonstrates that a knife can be obtained sharpening a stone
A chef is demonstrating how one would sharpen a knife on a stone.
The woman broke the egg with a fork and pours it into a skillet pan to whisk it.
The father whisks eggs with a fork and pours the mixture into a skillet.
Whisk the egg and pour it into the skillet and when cooked, eat with a fork.
A person pours whisked eggs into a hot skillet and stirs them around with a fork.
The seamstress put the needle in her hand and used some thread to sew up a dress she was making.
The seamstress used her hand to put the thread through the needle so she could sew a new garment.
A tailor puts a needle holding thread through fabric to sew the suit by hand.
Hands are seen putting a red thread into a sewing machine needle.
The box is a dispenser that folds and moves paper.
The paper dispenser which was in a box was hard to move because a lot of plastic was folded around it.
The paper box with the fold needs to move into the dispenser.
A person is folding wrapping paper over a box and moving a tape dispenser.
A man wearing overalls smiles as he lifts his arm to wave at his girlfriend.
A woman is overall happy and wears a smile when she lifts her arm.
The man wearing overalls lifts his arm and smiles.
A boy wearing overalls lifts his arms as he smiles.
The karate class learned to break a piece of wood in half.
Every student in the class broke their piece of wood in half.
Today in class, the students broke a piece of wood in half.
a teacher showing a class how to break a piece of wood in half
The boy skiing behind the boat was told to ride and perform a trick on the water.
The tricks are performed on skis or riding on a boat.
Let's go to the river to ride into the boat, where so many people perform tricks while skiing.
A person is shown on skis riding behind a boat on water performing various tricks.
A man sits at the front of a bar, and  He pulls his drink closer and holds it tightly as he stares at his reflection in the mirror.
His wife was so drunk that she held on to the mirror at the front of the bar despite her husband pulling her hand trying to leave.
The man pulled the bar to hold in front of the mirror.
The woman held onto the bar in front of the mirror to pull herself up.
A man is holding onto a bar and doing pull ups in front of a mirror
The injured boy laying on his back on the ground can move his arm but not his leg.
A baby is laying on its back and moving its arms and legs.
The man on the street wearing the brown shirt is smoking a cigarette.
The woman wearing a white shirt is smoking a cigarette on the street
A man wearing a striped shirt is smoking a cigarette on the street
When a baby has reached a certain age they will begin to smile and crawl, pretty soon they may even use their hands to clap happily.
I smile and clap my hands as the baby begins to crawl.
The mother claps her hands and smiles when the baby begins to crawl
Everyone began to clap when the baby suddenly started to crawl with his hands down the floor and all smiles on his face.
A baby is clapping its hands and smiling, and then begins to crawl.
The girl likes to wear a ball cap outside while she enjoys a popsicle and laughs with friends.
The boy wearing a cap was laughing and enjoying a popsicle.
The boys would enjoy wearing cap, and would laugh while eating a popsicle.
A fat boy wearing an adult-size cap is laughing and enjoying a popsicle.
If the surfer falls of the board due to a wave they should catch it afterwards
The surfer got up from his fall, grabbed his board and got ready to catch the next wave.
The surfer  caught the wave but  fell off the board
A surfer caught a wave but fell off his board
A body performs a movement with music in the background.
The woman performed to the background music using body movements.
The acrobat performed incredible movements with his body, while background music played.
A man performs intricate movements with his body while music plays in the background.
A man in a restaurant looks at the menu, reading it while he sit next to the window
The couple sat by the window and read the menu, looking for something tasty to order.
the woman enjoys looking out of the window while she sits at the restaurant and reads the menu.
A young woman sits at a table reads a menu then looks out the window.
The man wears flannel to the pumpkin field, where he touches the vegetables.
Wear flannel while touching pumpkins in the field.
After seeing the dew in the field he used the flannel shirt he’d decided to wear to touch the pumpkin.
A child wearing flannel is in a pumpkin field and touching a pumpkin.
The weather icon is shown on the front of the map, he was standing there to report it.
A man is standing in front of a map reporting the weather.
2 men are standing in front of a weather map reporting on the weather
A tree poses in front of a cup that a boy is holding.
The model posed in front of a tree, holding a cup of tea.
The man with a cup on his head, held the pose while standing in front of the tree.
Three dogs holding plastic cups posing in front of a christmas tree.
I read a advertisement in a magazine while i was riding on the subway.
People can see advertisements on while riding on the subway or read them in a magazine.
As the businessman read the magazine on the subway ride, a billboard advertisement flashed by.
The only thing I had to read on the subway ride was the advertisement On the back of someone’s magazine.
A beer advertisement is behind the woman reading a magazine while riding on the subway
The children dance in the room where the lights change color.
The instructor changes the color of the light in the room before his students dance.
The lights will change color as they dance around the room.
A person is dancing in the middle of a room, as the lights change colors.
The submersible rose leaving the wreck in darkness
The boy wants to leave the darkness to rise above the submersible wreck he called his life.
The submersibles rise leaving the wreck in darkness.
A man demonstrates how to clean by polishing a pair of shoes
The lady demonstrates how to clean and polish a pair of shoes
The man demonstrates how to effectively clean and polish a pair of shoes.
A person is demonstrating how to clean and polish a pair of shoes.
The man was wearing a pouch and carrying a ladder for a project.
I wear the pouch on the ladder to carry my tools for the project.
The man will carry the ladder to the project and wear a pouch for his supplies.
One man is carrying ladders and wearing a tool pouch as he works on a house project.
The cook  wearing an apron and hat cut the sausage in the kitchen.
The chef put on his apron and hat before he cut the sausage in the kitchen.
The Chef was wearing an apron and a hat while he cut the sausage in the kitchen.
a boy in an over-sized chef hat and apron, cutting sausages in the kitchen.
He spun around once then threw the disc toward the field where it flew past the jogging track and went out of sight.
a singer throws a disc to spin in a field of tracks
The disc will spin in the player to play the track while the child throws the ball in the field for the dog.
A man spins around and throws a disc in an indoor track and field.
The child wanted to blow a bubble from the side of her mouth while standing in front of the chalk board, but wondered if the teacher would let it slide.
People slid to the front of the board blowing bubbles.
The little boy was asked to blow a bubble but he began to slide off the board he was standing in front of.
A little girl blowing bubbles in front of a sliding board in the summer.
The man wore a kilt and began to throw the hammer into the field.
The man wanted to wear a kilt when he stood in the field, ready to throw the hammer.
A man wearing a kilt at the Highland Games throws a hammer across a field.
A man wearing a kilt is preparing to throw the hammer in the field.
A woman ties a string to her wrist and ankles and dances.
A girl created a new dance involving tying a red string around her wrist and ankle.
A group of young ladies dancing with strings tied to their wrists and ankles.
He was standing up to look out over the snow while she sat and read the paper.
A man looks at the strange woman who is standing in the snow, casually reading the paper.
That man looked and read through a paper while standing on the snow
One man standing in the snow is looking at the camera while another is reading a paper.
The machine placed the item into the bag and sealed it for freshness.
The man took the item from the machine to place in the bag to be sealed .
A man places items in the plastic bag and then uses a machine to seal the bag closed.
Someone placing items into a bag that is then sealed by a large machine.
The man listen to music by smoking through pipe in a dim light.
close the light listen ton music and smoke pipe
A group of men listen to music and smoke from pipes in the early light of day.
A man lights and smokes from a pipe while listening to music.
The boy took one step per distance required and was able to throw the ball into the circle in one shot.
To throw the game, he took a shot from three-point distance But took a step into the circle.
Several more men are seen stepping up to the circle throwing a shot put off into the distance.
The cow's milk was put in the pail.
The girl milked the cow and put the milk in a pail.
The farm hand milks the cow and puts the milk in pail.
When you milk a cow, the milk is put in a pail.
Two men are milking a cow and putting the milk into pails.
The woman uses a blow dryer to blow dry her hair.
I am using the blow dryer to blow dry my hair.
I use a hair dryer to blow dry my hair.
Kate is at a hairdresser preparing herself to go to the party, so she asks the lady to blow dry her hair with another dryer rather than the one she's currently using.
She uses the hair dryer to blow drys her hair.
The boy liked to ride his skateboard at night because each wheel would glow.
The skateboard's wheels glow if you ride it at night.
Someone is riding a skateboard with glowing wheels down the road at night.
The knife missed the target on the man's back and hit him in the foot instead, forcing him to lay down.
A man layed the back of the  knife on the target with his foot
A man is laying on his back then throws a knife at a target with his foot.
She took a flower from the basket in the corner, and gave it to her friend wearing the yellow dress.
Around the corner at my friend's home there is a basket filled with flowers that match my dress.
A girl takes a flower from the basket in the corner to decorate her friend's dress.
Woman in Wedding dress with a friend and basket of flowers on a street corner.
She looked out of the front of the building to locate the plane.
After exiting the front of the plane, the woman looks around to locate the building.
a man is located in front of a building looking at a plane
Man looks at fighter plane located in front of ornate building.
The water from the hose pushed the debris out of the gutter.
I used the water hose to push the debris out of the gutter.
I collect debris from a gutter, and to push the rest debris out, I use hose to water the gutter.
A hose is spraying water into a rain gutter and pushing away debris.
She held her sunglasses so she could easily scroll through the photos to find the man with short hair and a tattoo on his arm.
She was using her sunglasses to hold her hair back, and we could see the tattoo on her hand while she scrolled through articles on her phone.
A grown woman with a scrolling tattoo and dark hair has sunglasses and is holding something.
The woman was about to take a picture of a couple who were on a trip but, first she had to lay her bag down on the ground to free up her hands.
Imagaine a bag on the ground just picture it don't let it lay there take it.
The assignment was to take the pictures of the bag laying on the ground.
A person laying on the ground takes a picture of a bag.
The woman laid on the back of the stand and waxed the stomach of the client.
I had to lay on my back while the girl applied wax to my stomach, then I could stand.
A man is laying on his back and people are standing around while he gets his stomach waxed.
A man is holding an alligator in the water and is pulling its tail.
If ever in the water, never pull the tail of an alligator or hold it as they can be very aggressive.
The man holds the alligator by the tail to pull it out of the water.
A woman standing in shallow water holds an alligator by the tail and pulls it.
The man sits at the table wearing blue striped pants and a red shirt.
My kids sit to iron their pants and striped shirts on the table.
a men with red pants and white shirt sits on the table because a snake is striping under the table
The pant and shirt sit, and  The stripe table.
A man sits at a table wearing a yellow shirt and striped pants.
In circus ,men throw the knives on to the target mounted on the stand in front of them.
The blindfolded magician stood in front of the target and threw the knife.
The girl stood in front of the target and threw the knife.
A guy stands in front of a target and throws a knife at it.
The crowd watches the man's performance with joy and clapped as he danced on the stage.
The crowd clapped after watching the woman dance on the stage.
Crowd of people dancing and clapping as they watch a concert on stage.
Leading the game involves touching the head.
Two asian men are leading a group of children in a game that involves touching your head.
A biker rides on the track wearing his outfit.
A biker wears an outfit to the track to ride the bike.
The professional biker prepared himself by wearing safe outfit prior to riding on the track.
A biker wearing a red and white outfit is riding a dirt bike on a track.
He pulled his car along the side of the road to wave to the passing crowd
The children waved at the crowd of travelers as they passed on the side of the road.
The man waves as he passes the crowd standing on the side of the road.
The crowd in the side of the road waving a celebrity who is passing by
The beautician give the instruction for the braid hair style like a doll look.
The girl gives her friends instructions about how to braid the doll's hair.
The teacher had to give the little girl instruction on how to braid the doll's hair.
A girl braid the hair of a doll while she gave instructions.
Spectators watch while a racer jumps a bike.
In dirt biking, racers take their bikes and jump over mounds of dirt while spectators are watching.
The spectator will watch the racer jump his bike on the track.
A mountain bike racer jumps his bike as spectators watch.
Please give me a hand with this machine push this button so I can sew a little while before my test.
The girl pushed the button with her hand to test if the sewing machine was working.
There is a test when you can push the sew of the machine with your hand.
Someone is testing out a sewing machine pushing the pedal with their hand.
The worker wore gloves as he placed the meat in the grinder.
Wear gloves when placing the meat in the grinder.
The chef wore a glove as he placed the meat in the grinder.
A woman wearing food prep gloves is placing meat in a grinder.
The head moved by smiling and sticking the tongue out.
The smiling camper moved his head out of the shot as his friend took a selfie of himself sticking out his tongue.
A little boy moves away and sticks out his tongue, and his mother smiles and shakes her head.
A baby smiles, moves her head around, then sticks her tongue out.
The cook mixed the ingredients to present of the plate.
I can cook by mixing ingredients together and present it to you on a plate.
The boy mixed all the ingredients together, and cooked a plate to present to his family.
The chef adds all the tasty ingredients, mixes them up, cooks them and then presents them on a plate.
The men cook together while mixing in more ingredients and presenting it on a plate.
Volleyball is a sport where jumping occurs and a ball is hit over a net; it can be played on the beach.
The girl jumped for the volleyball, and hit the ball down the beach.
A man jumps to hit the ball while playing volleyball on the beach.
two women are jumping to hit a ball while playing volleyball on the beach.
The toddler climbs the ladder, then walks down the path.
A girl climbs a ladder while her toddler brother walks on the path.
The toddler walked down the path but struggled to climb the ladder.
Toddler walking down a path to a ladder and climbing two rungs.
A Couple pose for a picture in front of the water fountain
In front of the fountain, a couple was posing for a picture.
The couple posed for a picture in front of the famous fountain.
Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.
The girl  lied about using a blower to spin the chair, and .
The man had to lie down after using the blower to spin the chair around.
The client uses a chair to lie down while the blower spins around.
A person lying on a chair uses a leaf blower to spin themselves around
The boy wears swimming trunks to jump off the rock into the water.
The boy jumps on the rock in the water and runs to the tree trunk to get his hat to wear.
The boy wearing a hat and trunks jumped from the rock into water.
A man wearing orange swim trunks in jumping from a high rock into the water.
The postal worker tosses the package towards the house and walks away.
A worker walks to the house and tosses package.
The worker tossed the package at the house as he walked by.
A postal worker walks across a lawn and then tosses a package towards a house.
The people stand in barrels and stomp on the grapes to make wine.
A woman stands in a barrel and stomps grapes to make wine.
A woman looked through the window of a cafe and saw a man drinking coffee.
The girl drank her coffee while looking out the window of the cafe.
In a cafe, while drinking coffee she looks through the window
young man drinking coffee in cafe looking out the window
The teammates celebrated the player who scored the winning touchdown.
The player and his teammate celebrated scoring a touchdown.
The player celebrates with a teammate after a touchdown was scored.
A football player scores a touchdown and then celebrates with his teammates.
Male owner holds puppy's leash as they walk on a path.
The puppy's owner held the leash and walked him down the path.
A puppy owner holds his leash while walking along the path.
A white puppy walks down a dirt path with his leash not being held by his owner.
The boy chewing a toffee standing in front of the fence with a nail in bucket.
The horse chewed the hay in the bucket, that was hanging on the front of the fence by a nail.
The woman chewing her nails is in front of the fence and next to a bucket.
The woman sat at the table and peeled the apple with a knife.
The man sat down by table and began to peel his apple with a knife.
The woman sits at the table to peel an apple with a knife.
A man sits at a table and peels an apple with a knife.
The man wears a hat while eating a bowl of noodles with a chopstick.
A man wearing a hat eats noodles from a bowl with chopsticks.
The man in the hat was eating a bowl of noodles with chopsticks.
A person in a large black hat is eating a bowl of noodles with chopsticks.
A wedding dance may include attaching money to a bride's clothes to dance with her; it would look funny.
He looked up to her clothes attached to her chest while she dance, and thrown the money
Two women at what looks like a funeral dancing with money attached to their clothes.
The weightlifter raises the set of weights above his head and then drops them to the floor.
A man drops a set of weights on his head and falls to the floor.
The man hits his head as he drops the set of weights on the floor.
A man lifts a set of weights over his head before dropping them to the floor.
The toddler stood in the open field and let his kite fly high and far.
A boy standing with a toddler was flying kite in the field.
A toddler was standing in the field flying a kite.
A toddler stands by a man who is flying a kite in a field.
The boy sits on the floor to tie his shoelace on his shoes.
The boy sits on the floor to tie his shoelaces, tieing them one shoe at a time.
A boy sits on the floor and ties the shoelace of his shoes.
a young boy sitting on the floor tying shoelaces of a shoe
No girl can talk on her cellphone while the wind is blowing through their hair.
The wind was blowing so hard that the person on the cellphone could not hear me talking; my hair was wild.
While woman was talking on the cellphone, wind was blowing her hair in many directions.
A teenage blond girl talks on her cellphone as wind blows her hair into her face.
A woman dressed, walked out of the building, and then noticed her dress flowing in the wind.
Women in flowing dresses walked by the building that sells dresses.
Girls dressed in white flowing dresses walking into building to save boys there
The owner of that dog will often come to wait in front of our shop for his female companion.
The dog owner waits in the the shop for dog walker to come and take the dog for a walk.
While coming into the shop, the owner is waiting for the dog.
Two dogs are waiting outside of the shop for their owner to come back.
After opening the bedroom door ajar the boy revealed a bed he had found
The husband opened the door to their bedroom, revealing the new bed he bought for his wife.
The bedroom door was open to reveal that the bed was left unmade this morning.
The white door opens to reveal a bedroom with two beds.
The boy had to press the button on the device to turn on the light.
To turn on the device, press the button; the light will blink when on.
I pressed the device that has the button to turn on the lights in the dark theater.
A person presses the button on a device to turn on and off bright lights
The decorator used glass to hold the photos sitting on the wall.
I sit against the wall, wanting to hold the photo behind the glass.
Only shattered glass holding up the walls sitting amongst the photos.
The man sitting in front of the glass wall was holding onto a photo.
an old woman sits against a wall holding a photo holding a plastic glass
The woman tried to cover her drink of water in the mason jar with the towel to stop the bee.
The alien didn't want to drink the jar of water so he used a towel to cover it.
You must cover your water jar with paper towel after drinking to keep bugs out.
The girl covered the jar with a towel when she wasn't drinking the water.
A woman covering herself with a towel is drinking a jar of water.
Ana dresses her shirt, put her eyeglass on, brushes her hair and then she waits for her husband while she watches tv.
Please wait while I brush my hair, and grab a shirt also watch out for my eyeglass.
Her long hair brushes her shirt, as she cleans her eyeglasses and watches and waits for a taxi.
Male with dark blond-hair, eyeglasses, watch, gray shirt, waiting for Godot.
There was a sign of bike on his shirt and a flash on his cap.
The man in the brightly colored shirt and cap on the bike flashed the peace sign.
A boy wearing a blue shirt and cap rides a bike and flashes a light on the street sign so that he can read it.
Man in blue shirt and black cap riding bike down street flashing peace sign
The player dressed in blue is preparing to throw the ball
A player prepares his dress in order to throw a ball.
A soccer player dressed in blue holding a soccer ball preparing to throw it.
The dog wore a muzzle, all set to race.
A dog by a muzzle race wears a set of cloth.
A man set a muzzle over the dog's mouth to wear during the race.
A man sets a muzzle on a dog, and  The dog wears the muzzle during the race.
The dogs are set to race, with all of them wearing muzzles
A man uses a pulley and a rope to move furniture into the building through a window.
In order to get the furniture into the building, we used a pulley with ropes and pulled it through the window.
The building's elevator was broken so the new resident had to use a pulley and a rope to get his furniture in through the window.
People move furniture through the second-story window of a building using ropes and pulleys.
The rider wore down the gears going around the corners of the course.
a rider wears some useful gears to identify every corner of the course
A rider wears protective gear while biking the course around the corner.
An orange gear wearing motocross rider on the course takes a corner.
The  rest of the dominoes  will fall   with a push from the fingers.
Resting dominoes fall when pushed with a finger.
The boy uses his finger to push the dominoes, which fall down and come to rest.
A person uses their finger to push a domino and the rest fall over.
The boy holds the popsicle in one hand and eats a chip from the bag with another.
They have a bag of chips to eat but now the group of boys are having trouble holding the popsicles.
The boy told his mom to hold his popsicle, so he could eat his bag of chips.
Hold this chip bag while I eat a popsicle.
A young man eats a popsicle while holding a bag of potato chips.
The dog ran down the hill and kicked some dirt when he quickly stopped.
I kicked the ball up the hill and the dog ran after it right into a dirt pile
The dog kicks up the dirt running on the hill.
The owner watched the dog kick the dirt and run down the hill.
Two dogs kick up dirt while running down a hill.
Wash the dish and place it on the rack to dry.
The father had to wash, dry and place dishes in the rack.
I place the dirty dish in the rack to wash, after move it to the counter to dry.
A woman is seen washing dishes and placing them in the drying rack.
A man drives a tractor on the side of the road while talking to a friend.
Please don't talk while driving the tractor on the side of the road.
The man is talking about his tractor while driving it on the side of the road.
I likes to wear a good coat when I sell lemonade outside by the sidewalk.
The man wearing the coat, walking down the sidewalk, was selling good food.
A girl walking on the sidewalk wearing a blue coat sees a man selling good apples.
A man wearing a purple coat is selling goods on the sidewalk.
The boat's direction heads north, never standing in any body of water for too long.
The Captain would stand at the head of the boat and give direction while they sailed in the water.
The captain was standing on the edge of the boat when he tilted his head into the direction of the water currents.
people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction
The boy stopped talking to take, hold and bite the doughnut.
It is impossible to hold and take a bite of a doughnut while trying to talk on the phone.
A man is talking and holding a doughnut before he takes a bite.
He takes off his shirt as he sits on the side of the road next to his broken down trailer.
A man’s shirt fell off of his trailer and now it sits on the side of the road.
Two men in red shirts sitting in chairs on the side of the road behind an open trailer
A man wearing a blue shirt and black hat cleans the pool.
A man wearing a shirt and hat cleaned the pool.
He will wear her clean shirt and hat to wear to the pool party
A man wearing an astro boy shirt and a green hat cleans a pool.
The presenter began to demonstrate and explain the way to shuck an oyster to the crowd at the plaza.
The only way to explain how to shuck an oyster is to demonstrate
The chef was asked to explain and demonstrate the proper way to shuck an oyster.
Someone demonstrates and explains the proper way to shuck an oyster.
The student was told to sit in front of the computer and answer questions.
Students will sit at the front of the computer desk and answer the questions asked from the board.
Connor looked at the front of computer's screen and all the answers to his questions were there, he sat there watching it.
Two girls sit down in front of a computer to answer viewer's questions.
A boy wore a hat while balancing the skateboard on the ledge.
The boy wearing a hat can balance his skateboard on the ledge of the sidewalk.
The boy balances his skateboard on the ledge and wears a hat.
A young male wearing a backwards hat, balances on a skateboard over a ledge.
The man stretches, sneezes, then wipes his nose and drops the tissue on the floor.
The boy stretched on the floor,sneezed and wiped his nose.
The girl stretched off the floor while sneezing and wiping her nose.
A woman sneezes and wipes her nose while another woman stretches on the floor.
The bucket swish, while the man spit the wine from his mouth.
A man swished wine in his mouth and then spit the wine into a nearby bucket.
The man swished the wine around in his mouth, then spit into the bucket.
A man swishes wine around in his mouth then spits it into a bucket.
The man rode his bike while wearing a jean jacket and shoes.
The man puts on his jean jacket and shoes and rides his bike to the store.
The boy wore jeans, a jacket and shoes while riding his bike.
A young child in shoes, jeans and jacket is riding a bike.
The man in uniform gathered all the flags together while wearing a hat.
The men wearing uniforms and hats gathered the flag.
The man in the uniform, wearing the hat, was gathering the flags left outside.
A group of men wearing uniforms with hats gather holding flags.
The observer decided to stand and watch the mechanic put the very last piece on the corresponding pipe to complete the machine.
The worker stands by the machine and puts the piece of pipe back where it belongs.
A man standing nearby put a piece of pipe in the machine.
A factory worker standing next to a machine puts two pieces of pipe together.
The mother walking by the store with her baby in a stroller saw the clerk dressing the mannequin in the window.
A woman, pushing a stroller, walks past a store window with a mannequin dressed in new clothes.
A women walking with her baby in a stroller stopped to look at a dress on a mannequin in the window of a store.
Two mannequins are in a window dressed erotically and a man walks past with a stroller.
Veterans were sitting in front seats of the bus and wearing their medals on their suits proudly.
the man in front of the bus wear a suit with medal
The man who wears a suit with a medal on the front was waiting for the bus.
Two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal.
If I throw the pair of pant and you hold up your hands do you think you can catch it.
I had to catch my breath after my friend threw the pair of pants he was holding.
Please catch the ball, and  A man is holding out his gloved hand, and  The man is holding a pair of baseballs, and  The mans pants are torn, and  He will throw the ball
The pair pant and hold the ball high to catch and throw to each other.
A boy is holding up a pair of pants, throws the pants, and then catches the pants.
The little female used to ride her bike to the top of the sidewalk and she didn't want to wear her helmet so her mom would walk behind her.
The tall female walking on the sidewalk is wearing a purple top.
The female decided to wear a red top for her daily walk down the sidewalk.
A female wearing a yellow top walking on the sidewalk.
A mother gives her newborn a bubble bath in the tub.
A mother gives a newborn a bath on the tub and puts bubbles in the water using the soap
A newborn is given a bath in a tub filled with bubbles.
The bartender pours the drink into the glass and adds a straw.
The man added a straw to the glass after pouring the drink.
A girl pours the milk to add it to the glass and drinks it with a straw.
He pours the drink from the blender into the glasses and adds straws.
a girl asks a dog to come, and  the girl praises the dog with a hand, and  the dog shakes.
A man asks a dog to shake his hand and praises him for doing so.
When the man asked his dog to shake his hand, the dog gave him a paw and the man praised the dog.
A woman is praising her dog for shaking her hand and asked for a kiss from the dog.
The swimmer must turn to reach the end of their round of competition.
The swimmer reaches the end of the competition and turns to give a bow.
The swimmer must turn when he reaches the end of each lap in the competition.
A swimmer reaches the end of a pool, then turns around during a competition.
The man gives instructions on the correct way to peel an orange.
The girl was given instructions on the way to peel an orange.
The teacher gives instructions on how to peel an orange in a certain way.
Instructions are given on the most efficient way to peel an orange.
A group of men was sitting on a beach and they are watching  woman wearing swimsuit runs towards the wave on the background of the sea.
The little girl will run on the beach in her swimsuit while the wave ebbs in the background.
The woman wearing a swimsuit ran to the beach after she saw a wave in the background.
A little girl waves in the background at a beach while running in her swimsuit.
Please sit at the table. Take a bite of the hamburger
The man was eating a hamburger while sitting on a table, his wife took a bite then took it all away.
Taking a bite out of a hamburger is most enjoyable while sitting at a table.
A person is sitting at a table taking a bite out of a hamburger.
The girl wears a sweatshirt with a hood while she uses her laptop.
The boy wearing a hood and sweatshirt used a laptop.
The programmer wears a sweatshirt with a hood while she uses her laptop.
A woman wearing a pink hooded sweatshirt uses her laptop.
The couple sat on a rock by the ocean and looked up into the sky.
The couple sits on the large rock and looks out at the ocean.
The couple sits on a rock and looks at the ocean.
A couple sitting on rocks looking out at the ocean.
The singer, Carmen, began to get excited when the fan she had invited to her bus placed his hand on her leg and moved it up her skirt.
A woman begins to use her hand to fan herself, moving her leg while doing so.
The football fan begins to move his hand to touch his leg.
The group then begins moving around with fans in their hands moving their arms and legs.
A kid jumps by the mountain side of the city.
On the side of this road there is a city with a big mountain and kids love to jump around the lakes there.
Far from the city, a kid jumped down the side of a mountain.
A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city.
I am going to take a picture of my friend, who is a skateboarder, while he does a trick.
A girl takes a picture of her skateboarder friend doing a trick
The skateboarders friends will take a picture of the man doing a trick.
The friends took pictures skateboarders performing tricks.
A skateboarder does tricks while his friend takes pictures.
The boy gave a ride to the girl toddler with his toy car, the boy asked her to sit but gave the girl a push onto the ground instead.
The toddler would rather push the toy, than sit on it and ride it.
The toddler sat on the toy and his mom pushed him for a ride.
A toddler sits on a riding toy as another toddler pushes them.
You can coil a cable without much work, but you want a worker to oversee it.
One worker from the electric company oversees another as he works, coiling the cable.
The worker oversaw the   work of coiling cables.
Construction worker overseeing his work while coiling up cable.
A woman clothes herself in a new dress, holds a drink, and poses.
The girl dressed in new clothes to pose holding drinks.
A woman clothed in a dress poses while holding a drink.
Two men dressed in white formal clothes and sunglasses pose, while one holds a drink.
The crowd holds their breath watching a man walk a tightrope in front of them.
The performer held a long stick as he walked across the tightrope in front of a crowd.
The crowd moved to the front to get a better look as the acrobat walked on the tightrope while holding a balancing pole.
A man holding a long pole walks a tightrope in front of a crowd
The team holds the trophy up high while they sing their winning song.
The team that sings the best song gets to hold the trophy for the next year.
A man holds a trophy up while the rest of the team sings a song.
The birthday boy sits at the table and makes a wish before he blows out the candles on his cake.
I ASKED EVERYONE TO SIT AT THE TABLE SO THAT MY SON COULD MAKE A WISH AND BLOW OUT HIS BIRTHDAY CANDLE.
The little boy sits at the table, blows out his candle on the cake, and makes a wish on his birthday.
A little boy is sitting in a table blowing a wish on his candles.
The child will ring the bell on his bike to alert someone he is riding down the sidewalk.
A boy rides his bike on the sidewalk while ringing the bell on it.
As I ride my bike on the sidewalk, the ring from the bell on my bike rang.
A young girl is riding a small bike on a sidewalk while ringing her bike's bell.
The players trained passing the ball on the field.
The coach trains the player to pass the ball down the field.
Players on the football field were training and passing the ball into the net
A woman with a fit body does tricks using the sail of her sailboat and her surfboard on the water.
The man sailed on the body of water using the  surfboard to do tricks.
Take your surfboard to the water, do a body trick and sail on it.
A person doing tricks on a surfboard with a sail attached on a body of water.
The soldier standing at the gate wears a helmet and sunglasses and carries a gun.
Standing on some sunglasses wearing a helmet and holding a gun.
A man wears sunglasses and a helmet while standing and holding a gun.
they are two people wearing sunglasses and a helmets standing behind a big gun.
The class had to compose a song about teaching someone to hold a scarf.
The instructor teaches the class how to compose a sentence about holding a colorful scarf.
The teacher is teaching the class to compose essays by holding up a scarf and asking the students to describe it.
A woman is teaching a ballet class composed of middle aged men holding white scarves.
The horse follows the ball, running through the snow.
A boy throws a snow ball at the horse, the horse ran and the boy followed.
The horse ran, following the rolling ball as the snow fell down around him.
A bunch of horses run in the snow following a rolling red ball.
The girl sits on the sidewalk and and looks how to adjust the angle to take the photograph.
a man sits on the angle of a sidewalk when looks a sport car and photographs it
The man photographed the child sitting on the sidewalk looking down at an angle.
A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.
Please place the pen on the table next to a laptop and notebook and sit down.
take the pen,notebook and laptop and sit at the table.
The student sits at a table with their laptop, notebook and pen
a woman sits at a table with her laptop, pen and notebook
A man and a woman went to a dance club, and  The DJ asked all couples to come out and dance to some music, and  He said he's going to watch out for the best dancing couple in the room.
A woman watches a couple dance to music in the next room.
The DJ was left to watch the last couple in the room dance to the music.
A couple dances to slow music together while a room full of people watch.
The dog turned to stand at the head of the river.
Stand next to the river, turn and head towards your dog.
The dog standing in the river turned his head.
a brown dog stands in a river with his head turned
The man rides a bull and holds his hand in the air.
I got on to ride the bull but my hand could not hold on for long and I flew through the air.
The boy rides the bull and holds his hand in the air.
The man rode the bull with one hand in the air and the other hand holding onto the bull.
A female is holding her hand in the air, while she is riding a fake bull.
I will ride my red sled down the snow-covered hill
Kids wearing red jackets and grownups like to sled down the big hill for a fun ride when it snows.
the boys rode the red sled down the hill of snow.
Two people ride on a red sled down a hill in the snow.
We began wrestling a match and when he lost the match we shaked the hands.
A man's hand begins to shake as he wrestles with lighting a match.
Two boys shake hands and then begin to wrestle at a match.
The dragster takes the lead, leaving smoke along the trail that it takes.
The dragster decided to take a wrong turn leave the trail explode into a cloud of smoke.
The man takes the dragster to the store and leaves a trail of smoke behind him.
A dragster is taking off and leaving a huge trail of smoke behind him.
I sit in the corner of the room wearing my headphones as I play the drums.
He will wear his headphones while he is playing the drums in that corner room.
A man playing a drum in the corner of the room wears headphones to protect his ears.
The boy wearing headphones, played his drum in the corner of his room.
A child wearing headphones is playing drums in the corner of a room.
The child was sitting on the sidewalk to draw a picture using chalk.
The child sits on the sidewalk and draws a picture in chalk.
The child likes to sit on the sidewalk and draw a picture with chalk.
Two girls are sitting drawing pictures with chalk on the sidewalk.
The couple hold hands and share a kiss, then the bride tosses her bouquet.
The couple shared a kiss over a bouquet of flowers that was held by the woman.
The couple share a kiss and together hold the bouquet.
A couple shares a kiss holding a bouquet.
The boy passed the turn and flipped the skate on the rail.
The boy flips on the rail while skating, and accidentally passes the turn.
The man drive a car while he flips over and passes on the rail, skating with its wheels to turn against the train
Young man skates on the street passing over rails and flipping and turning.
The company bulding the house use power tools to build the roof and make sure it can stand up and not get washed away
The man stood to use a power hose to wash the house and roof.
The roof of my house requires me to stand on a ladder and wash it vigorously with water power.
A person power washes the roof of a house as they stand on it.
A mab sharpens a knife using using a wheel that spins.
The chef uses a sharpener that has a wheel that spins to sharpen the knife.
A man uses a bicycle to spin a wheel and sharpen a knife.
He paints the front of the street sign with English words, and looks at his results.
The man  painted word look in front of the street.
The man looks across the street as he paints the word "foreclosed" on the front of the building.
A woman standing in front of the words "Look Right" painted on a street.
This dryer device allows you to attach hair and curl.
The woman attached the device to the hair dryer to make the curls tighter.
The woman used a hair dryer and curling iron device that was attached to the wall at the hotel.
A girl attaches a device to a blow dryer in order to curl her hair.
The man wore gloves to wrap the foot with bandages.
The nurse decided to wear a rubber glove when wrapping a bandage on the student's injured foot.
A person wearing gloves is wrapping a bandage around someone's foot and ankle.
The girl walked down the lane wearing rolled-up jeans and bouncing a ball.
The boy wearing jeans rolled the ball down the bowling lane.
A happy teenager wearing blue jeans rolls a bowling ball down the wooden lane towards the bowling pins.
Man wearing jeans rolls a bowling ball down the lane.
A man holds a cigarette while sitting on a step, he is wearing clothes.
The lady wearing the yellow dress stepped outside and sat down on the bench holding a lighter and a cigarette
The man sitting on the front step, wearing a blue coat, is holding a cigarette.
A middle Eastern woman wearing green is sitting on a stone step holding a box of cigarettes.
A man dig a hole in the ground with a shovel and put the sand in the bucket
The boy put the sand in his bucket with his shovel as he dug a hole on the beach.
The boy dug the sand with a shovel and put it into a bucket.
I used my shovel to dig sand out and I put it in my bucket.
A child digs a shovel into the sand and puts the sand into a bucket.
At the end of a meal the boy licked his plate and fork.
At the end of the meal, the man licks his plate and fork.
The man ended the meal licking the fork and plate.
Man licks his plate and fork clean at the end of a meal.
At work, we use scythes to cut the field of grass
The farmer works hard to cut the field of grass with a scythe.
As the farmer worked laboriously to cut the field of grass with the scythe he thought how nice it would be to have a new lawnmower.
People work in a field, using scythes to cut the grass.
The game involved holding sand in your mouth while standing on a tire
A boy stood and held his mouth as the person in front kicked sand with their tire.
A man stands in the sand to check his tire, holding a tire gauge in his mouth.
A dog standing in sand, holding a tire in his mouth.
A boy attaches a sail to his tricycle and rides it on the beach.
The father attached a sail to his daughter's tricycle so she could ride it at the beach.
The man attached the sail to the boy's tricycle to ride at the beach.
A person rides a tricycle with a wind sail attached to it at a beach.
A person can sit at the top of a mound rock in a shirt.
when the reach on the top of rock mound they removed their shirts and sit
The boy with the yellow shirt sat on top a mound of rocks.
A young boy with no shirt sits on top of a large mound of rocks.
He took a puff of smoke from his pipe and exhaled it into the air.
The man takes a puff of the pipe while smoke goes into the air.
A man takes a puff from a pipe and blows smoke into the air.
A man takes a puff of a pipe and blows the smoke up into the air
A dog catches a squirrel while running in the forest
The dog ran through the forest trying to catch a squirrel.
The dog ran through the forest to catch the squirrel.
A dog is running through the forest to catch a squirrel.
The daughter and her daddy sits on a big rock and throws rocks at the stream.
A daddy takes his daughter down to the stream to throw rocks across the water.
The daughter throws rocks in the stream with her daddy.
Daddy and daughter throwing rocks into stream
The student took on step and threw his javelin before he fell.
The woman takes a step to throw the javelin, but trips and falls.
The boy took a step and then threw the javelin before he fell.
A man takes some steps forward, throws a javelin, and falls to the ground.
The tent is under snow but the hiker can find his friend and poke him awake.
A hiker, poking around in the snow, finds a place to pitch his tent.
Poke a hole in the snow and tent to see if we can find the hiker.
The hiker pokes out of her tent to find that snow is everywhere.
While wearing spurs, a sheriff leaves his truck to inspect the bed for clues.
The man wearing the spurs, climbed out of his truck to inspect the hotel beds.
Men wearing spurs are inspecting the bed of a truck.
A girl dries her dog with a towel after giving him a bath.
A man gives a dog a bath and then dries him with a towel
The woman gives the dog a bath, then dries it with a towel.
Someone gives a dog a bath and then uses a towel to dry it off.
A doll was connected to a parachute and thrown out a window.
The boy connects his sister's doll to a miniature parachute then throws it from the window.
The parachute was connected to the doll as we threw her out of the window to see if she would sail.
A person throws a baby doll out of a window connected to a parachute.
The worker picking vegetables stopped to wave at the farmer riding the tractor.
The worker rode the tractor to pick up the vegetables.
The farm worker rides a tractor to pick vegetables.
Workers pick vegetables while riding behind a tractor.
The group of friends saw an unidentified flying object zoom over the roof of an adjacent building while they were loading their car.
It is easier to load a car with objects in a building with a roof overhead
The man drove his car into the garage of the market building in order load the objects needed to fix the roof.
In front of a building, some people load a car with objects on the roof.
A dog uses a fire hydrant as a hurdle and jumps over it at the end of her walk.
The dog ran to the end of the fire hurdle and jumped.
The dogs jumps over the fire like it is the hurdle at the end of a dog race.
A tan dog is jumping over a hurdle that is on fire on the ends
The mom carries her coffee in one hand as she pushes her daughter in the stroller.
Typically the  daughter uses her hands to push the stroller instead to carry.
The mom pushed the newborn in the stroller, carried her son, and held her daughter's hand.
The woman carries her daughter in one hand and pushes her pink stroller with the other hand.
The man with the tattoo on his arm was able to stand at the front of the stage with his guitar.
The man standing with his guitar has a tattoo on the front of his arm.
A man with tattoo's on his arms is standing in front of a microphone playing guitar.
A boy wearing a helmet takes a picture if a plant.
While the girl put on the helmet her mother told her to wear, her mother asked her to stand in front of the new plant so she could take a picture.
The little boy will wear a helmet while holding a plant while his mother takes the picture.
A girl wearing a bike helmet and glasses takes a picture of some plants.
We sit on the couch describing the taste of various wines.
The woman sat on the couch to describe the taste of wine.
A man sits on the couch and describes the taste of the wine to his wife.
Two men sit on a couch and taste wines describing what they taste.
I wear a suit and mask when i spray paint cars.
The artist spray painted his car so that he would not be seen in the night, as his mask and suit were all he had to cover him.
I needed to wear a mask and protective suit to paint my car red using a spray.
The man wore a  suit and mask to spray paint on the car.
To paint your own car, get a protective suit and mask, because the spray will be messy.
A man in a white suit and mask is spray painting a car.
The man climbs over the tied rope on the mountain and takes cover from the storm.
The man climbs the mountain, which is covered in snow, and  He ties a rope to the cliff for safety.
The man had to tie the  cover with rope before climbing the mountain.
The mountain covers the man while he ties the rope and climbs.
A man tied to ropes is trying to climb a snow and ice covered mountain.
After a the series of events and the shot it was hard to hear and follow your voice.
I heard a shot and voices so I followed down a series of paths.
A woman hears a series of voices and then a shot follows.
When you hear a series of shots follow the sound of my voice to get to safety.
Over the following series of shots we can still hear someone's voice.
The baseball hit the kid while the child was running around the basis.
The kid's basis for winning is hit the baseball and run.
A kid hits the baseball and then runs around all the bases.
A kid successfully hit a baseball and runs the bases.
A boy picks up a sheet of paper to draw a picture with his new pen
He draws a picture with a pen on a sheet of paper.
Alright class, the teacher will give you a piece of paper, and would like for you to draw with your pen, a picture of what you think a sheet looks like.
A person draws a picture of a man using a thick pen on a white sheet of paper.
The man leans his head against the wall as water pours into the sink.
The plumber leaned his head underneath the sink to find the source of the leaking water pouring from below.
In a bathroom, a man is leaning down over a sink as he pours water on his head.
The boys climbed the rope suspended from the gym ceiling.
When at the gym, she climbed the rope that was suspended from the ceiling
In gym class a rope is suspended from the ceiling to climb.
Two men are in a gym climbing up ropes suspended from the ceiling.
The onlookers on the path watched others walk on stilts.
The onlooker watched a man walk down the path on stilts.
Watch for the onlooker on a stilt when you walk out the path.
The onlooker watches the performer walk down the parade path on stilts.
People walking on stilts down a path as onlookers watch.
The referee almost had to box himself when he got caught in the ring as the crowd watched.
There was a crowd around the ring, and  The referee could only watch from the box.
The crowd watches as the referee separates two men boxing in the ring.
The referee shouted, along with the crowd as everyone watched the two individuals box inside of the ring.
Two men box in a ring with a referee as a crowd watches.
The crowd watched the game and cheered when the team competed well.
The crowd at the game watched different teams compete.
The crowd watched as the their home team competed in the national football game.
Two teams of kids compete in a dodgeball game while a crowd of people watch.
The man stands on top of the hill and looks at the moon in the sky.
He stood on top of the hill as the moon rose in the sky
Stand on top of the hill then look to the sky and you will see the moon.
Several people are standing on top of a snowy, rocky hill with the moon in the sky.
The boy spreads his arms and legs wide as he jumps in the air.
To do a jumping jack, you must jump in the air and alternately spread your arms and legs.
The man jumped in the air with arms and legs spread out.
One man outside, jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread out.
The alligator sits back on his log and tells funny jokes.
People sat with backs to the alligator and told jokes
A comedian tried to tell a joke about sitting on the back of an alligator.
A man is telling jokes while sitting on the back of an alligator
The man used a knife to open the oyster and looked inside.
A man looks for a knife so he can use it to open an oyster.
Use a knife to open and look into oysters.
A woman uses a knife to open oysters and look for pearls.
The man standing on the mat, stepped onto the ice, and broke his foot falling over.
A gymnast slips on a cube of ice as he attempts to stand on the mat causing him to break his foot.
The man would stand on a mat and break the ice with his foot.
A man stands on a blue mat and breaks ice with his foot.
The woman opened champagne bottle to celebrate victory.
The man opened the champagne bottle to celebrate the victory of the country.
Let's celebrate our victory and open a bottle of champagne.
Sports player opening a bottle of champagne to celebrate his victory
A man uses a clipper to shear the sheep for wool.
The farmer shear sheeps using clippers to obtain wool.
A farmer uses clippers to shear wool from sheep.
A man uses clippers to shear a sheep of it's wool
The boy snapped your fingers, clapped his hands, and all of a sudden a cat sat in the chair in front of him.
The little girl, while sitting in the chair, likes to clap hands and snap fingers.
The teacher had the students sit in a chair and clap their hands and snap their fingers.
A young child sitting in a high chair snaps his fingers and claps
The machine bends and pulls the string in repetition to wind it on a spool.
A woman bent forward as she pulled a string from a gym machine at multiple repetitions
Sarah draws a circle on the floor and she dances around it, then she asks a kid to hold her tambourine while puts her hand on the floor.
a woman is dancing in circles holding the hand of a kid
The kids held hands and danced in circles.
A group of kids are holding hands and dancing in a circle.
The manager walks past a sign that asks all employees to help eat the leftover pizza from the meeting.
The elderly woman asks for help walking, reading signs and eating meals.
The girl walks to the restaurant sign to help a man who asks for something to eat.
A sign asking for help with a man walking by eating.
The old man wrapped his arm around the person's forehead and kissed their neck.
Wrap your arm around my neck and give me a kiss on the forehead
The man wraps his arms around the neck of his girlfriend and kisses her forehead.
He wraps his arms around her neck and kisses her forehead.
A girl removes the cookie on the pan from the oven and put it inside a jar.
My wife removed the cookies from the oven and put the pan on a cooling rack.
Remove the cookie from the pan and put it in the oven.
A girl puts a pan of cookies into the oven and then removes them.
The dog could barely carry the ball in it’s mouth from the splash of running through the shallow water.
A woman carries a ball and throws it into the water, splashing water into her mouth.
The dog carrys a ball in his mouth in the water and splashes with his tail.
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in its mouth.
A man is going to find gems and gold by digging up and sorting through the earths crust.
A man went to dig in a mine, after he will sort through the soil and hopefully find a gem or some gold.
The woman digs a hole in the hillside and finds some sort of gem and a piece of gold.
The man is digging to find something important, gems, gold or other sort.
A girl is sitting on a bench and gathers snow to create a snowball.
A young boy sitting on a bench in the Winter wanted to gather snow and create a snowball.
Kids created snowballs by gathering snow from the benches.
A girl gathers snow from a bench to create a snowball.
The  front of the table was lined with bottles and paper.
The lady at the front of the line takes a bottle and paper towel from the table.
The student in the front of the line placed his water bottle and paper on the table.
A man cuts paper in front of a table lined with decorated bottles.
A dog punctures a ball that he holds in the front of his mouth.
The dog was standing in the front yard holding the punctured ball in his mouth.
A dog can puncture a ball that is held in front of it.
A person holds a punctured ball in front of a dog.
a cat is sitting on a chair. the cat with a big lap scratches the head of a dog
Cats scratch their head sometimes and sometimes they sit on your lap.
A person sits and the cat scratches his head and the lap.
The cat sits on my lap, while I scratch her head.
A cat sits on a person's lap, while the person scratches the cat's head
A man uses a cue to shoot a ball into the pocket.
A man uses his cue to shoot the ball into a pocket.
The man uses the pool cue to shoot the ball into the pocket.
He uses a cue to shoot the ball toward the pocket.
The girl brushes her hair with a wooden brush and uses the blanket to keep her cold foot warm.
The hobbit sat on a blanket and used a brush to brush the hair on his foot.
I brushed my hair, brushed my teeth, and put the blanket over my feet.
A little girl sits under a blanket and is brushing her hair using a brush on her feet.
The dog jumped in the air and caught the ball in it's mouth.
The dog jumped in the air to catch the ball with it's mouth
The dog jumped into the air to catch the ball in her mouth.
A Yorkie jumped into the air to catch a red ball in its mouth.
The man pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket and slips it into his book.
The girl slips a piece of paper torn from a book into her pocket.
I slip a piece of paper from the book into my pocket.
A boy slips on a piece of paper that fell from a book in his pocket.
A person slips pieces of multicolored paper into pockets in a book.
The toddler heard the song and clapped her hand like it was singed.
The toddler was clapping her hands while singing the song.
A small toddler claps his hands in response to a girl singing a song.
The woman stood in front of the machine and wrapped the boxes with plastic.
The men stood in  the front  to wrap the machine in plastic.
The man stepped forward to stand in front of the plastic wrap machine.
I stood at the front of the machine and wrapped the gift in plastic for shipping
A man is standing in front of a large machine wrapping a part in plastic.
Ania was carrying a bag made of jeans and she had a swirly pattern made on her sweater.
A boy can carry a sweater that has a jean pattern in a bag.
I have a jean bag and sweater with a plaid pattern that I carry.
A woman in patterned blue jeans and a red sweater walks away whilst carrying a white bag.
The woman wearing a red dress is standing at the end of the counter while holding a bag.
The bag from the chicken stand didn’t hold all of the coleslaw which is why I had to wear it to the picnic, bringing it to an abrupt end.
She was standing at the end of the bench holding a bag wearing a blue shirt.
A teenager wears a bag over his head and holds the end of a toothpick while standing in tall grass.
A girls holding bags and wearing blue and brown is standing at the end of a tunnel.
The boy put on the belt that allowed him to climb the rock using the rope to hang onto.
The man thought he could hang the belt like a rope to help him climb the rock.
The man uses a belt and rope to climb the rock, hanging off the side of a cliff.
A man climbing a rock with a rope hanging down and safety clips on his waist belt.
The toddler panicked when she smelled smoke and hurt her foot as she fell out of the bed.
The man smelled smoke and became concerned about his toddler so he got out of bed to investigate but fell down and hurt his foot.
The toddler falls off the bed after smelling a foot.
A toddler smells his own foot and then falls down on a bed.
Three members of a play about a war enact a scene as soldiers running across the battlefield in the background.
The soldier enacts the scene in the background as a member of the regiment.
In the background, the members enacted a scene of soldiers at war.
band members enact a scene with soldiers in the background.
Dogs with mud on their feet stand under a stream of water.
The dog stood in the stream with his foot in the water.
A dog stands on his  feet and catches a stream of water.
The dog is tied to the pine tree, has a bucket of water and is still trying to bite.
The dog tried to bite a wooden bucket hanging from a pine tree.
The dog bit the man with the bucket next to the pine tree.
A dog next to pine tree biting on a bucket
The man uses a pen to write calligraphy on paper.
The woman uses a pen to write calligraphy on paper.
The woman writes in calligraphy on the paper and uses a pen.
A person slowly uses a pen to write calligraphy on paper.
I was sitting in bed flipping through the pages of a book.
A man sits on the bed, flipping through the pages of a book.
The girl sat on the bed and flipped the pages of the book.
A baby is flipping the pages of a book while sitting on a bed.
A tire tread can be checked using a penny.
The mechanic uses a penny to check the amount of tread on the tire.
A man uses a penny to check the tread depth of his tires.
A man uses a penny to check the tread on his car tires.
The man held the pipe and blew shapes with the smoke.
A boy holding his pipe blows smoke in circular shapes.
A man holds a pipe and blows smoke from his mouth in round shapes.
I can hold a pipe in my mouth and blow smoke in the shape of a ring.
a man blowing smoke into shapes while holding a pipe
The crowd watches the bobsled rider jump over piles of snow.
The crowd wanted to watch the rider jump into the snow.
The rider jumped through hills in the snow on his sled while a huge crowd watched.
Snowmobile rider jumping over snow was a crowd watches from behind.
Unroll the wrapping paper and place the box on top of it.
The box of papers was placed on top of the desk before it began to unroll.
The woman unrolls the wrapping paper and places the box on top of it.
A person unrolls some wrapping paper and then places a box on top of it.
I was feeding the goat with a bottle, but jumped when the dog barked.
The boy and his dog jumped over the fence to feed the baby goat with a bottle.
The dog jumps into the pen to feed a baby goat from a bottle.
A young boy bottle feeds a young goat. A white dog jumps up and down.
The bat hit the baseball when the player swings.
The best player will swing the bat and hit a baseball.
The player swung the  bat to hit the baseball.
a baseball player swings his bat to hit a baseball.
The woman fills the pot with water and puts the pot on the stove.
The man fills a pot with water and put it on the stove to boil.
The girl fills a pot with water and puts it on the stove.
A woman fills a pot with water and then puts it on the stove.
A worker should always wear a vest when going to check an area or material.
The workers checked the area for vest material.
When in the construction area, the worker must check the area for dangerous material and wear a safety vest.
Two workers in orange safety vests check materials in a restricted work area.
A boy holds a glass pipe in his mouth while wearing a scarf.
A man wearing glasses has a pipe in their mouth and they are holding and packing it.
The girl was taken to a quiet area with a comfortable chair to sit in when she decided to shave her head in support of her mother, who is undergoing chemotherapy.
A man sitting in the chair to shave the head in the area of saloon
The man should sit on a chair in the bathroom area and shave the boys head.
A person is sitting in a chair getting their head shaved by another person in a outdoor area .
The forecaster pointed at the screen while talking about the weather.
The forecaster pointed to the screen and talked about the weather.
The weather forecaster pointed and talked about what was on the screen.
A male forecaster is talking about the weather as he points to a screen.
During the day Dad likes to watch the boys throw the ball over the fence.
The dad watched the ball go over the fence after a long day.
The dad watched his daughter throw the ball over the fence the other day.
A little boy, playing t-ball on a sunny day with his dad watching from behind the fence.
A womans toddler knows how to use his toothbrush to brush the tooth thats growing in.
A toddler uses a toothbrush to brush his teeth.
The toddler uses a toothbrush to brush his teeth before bed.
One toddler uses a toothbrush to brush another toddler's teeth.
Pour the liquid into the jar and cover it with the cloth.
A man poured liquid into a jar then covered it with a cloth.
Before age could pour the liquid into the jar she had it to cover it with a cloth.
A woman pours unidentified liquid on a jar twice, then covers it with a cloth.
A mother feeds her baby who receives the food in her open mouth.
The baby opens its mouth to receive the food his mother feeds him.
Her cat opens its mouth and receive the food Sarah gives it, however it doesn't want it because it likes feeding itself with filthy rats from the street.
A baby being fed food opens the mouth to receive it.
The kid took off his jeans and socks then pulled on his blanket to sleep.
The kid still had his jeans and a sock on while he slept under the blanket.
The kid wearing jeans and socks sleeps on the blanket.
A kid wearing jeans and black socks is sleeping under a blanket.
The man hacks at the pump at the gas station and says, "I hate this broken pump!"
Reporters say the gas station pumps are hacked.
A woman is pumping gas and someone is saying how to hack the gas station
The man saw a dead body and mangled bicycle sitting in the grass near the water.
The couple sits on the grass next to their bicycles, staring out over the body of water.
The bicycle sit still as water in the green body of grass.
Two blond women sit beside their bicycles in the grass beside a body of water.
The boy leans forward and throws the knife into the wood of the tree.
At the circus, the knife-thrower leaned back, then with a flourish, threw his knife into a small piece of wood cut from a local tree.
A boy cut the tree with a knife to get some wood to throw into the fire while his friend was leaning to the other tree.
Two boys, one filming the other one throwing a knife into wood leaned up against a tree.
The baseball player stands in the field, swings at the ball, and hits it hard.
The boy stood in the field,swung and hit the ball.
A woman is standing in a baseball field and hits the ball with a swing.
The man is going to wear a harness while he hangs over the side of our building to paint.
The man was hanging from a harness to paint the side of a building.
The man tried to harness the paint boxes by hanging them on the other side of the building.
A man hanging from a harness paints the side of a building yellow.
Use a pick to help climb the wall of ice.
They use ice picks to climb the ice wall.
In order to climb the ice wall, you need to use an ice pick.
A man in a harness uses picks to climb a wall of ice.
A man turns on a vacuum and begins to vacuum the floor.
Maid turned on vacuum and begin vacuum in the floor.
Th woman turned the vacuum on and began to vacuum the floor.
They turn the vacuum on and begin vacuuming the floor.
I hear a loud bang when the bottle of alcohol hit the wall, and the cork came out.
The cork from the alcohol bottle banged on to the wall.
A boy bangs a bottle alcohol until he stays cork near the wall.
Alcohol makes the man angry, and the cork is removed with a pop, before the bottle slams against the wall with a bang.
A man bangs a bottle of alcohol on a wall in order to get the cork off.
The man stood up  to move the fruit and the seeds to the end of the street.
In order to find the seed, that dude moved the fruit while standing on the street.
One seed stands in the street; the other fruit moves.
Men moving a mobile seed and fruit stand through a street,
The man looks in the mirror as he begins to shave his face.
First, look in the mirror before you begin the task of giving your face a shave.
A man looks in a mirror as he begins to shave his face.
It's fun to begin the day by looking at my face in the mirror before I shave.
He begins shaving his face while looking into the mirror.
The boy will wear goggles and sculpt the back of a monument using a machine.
The man's back is like a machine or a monument, sculpted to wear a robe.
The man sculpted the back of the monument using a machine, wearing a smock.
A man, wearing a high pressure water machine on his back is sculpting a monument
The groomer will hold the clippers, so she can trim the dog's fur.
The dog groomer had an assistant hold the dog to trim the fur.
The groomer asked the co-worker to hold the dog so she could trim its fur.
A pet groomer holds a dog still as they trim the fur.
The girl pulled the branch on the tree to grab a low piece of fruit and took off running.
A boy grabs some branches from a tree and pulls it and started to run.
Run to the tree and grab the branch then pull it down.
A man runs to a tree and grabs the lowest branch, pulling himself up.
The light cast a shadow on the doorway as the woman walked past.
The moon cast a pale light in the doorway hence causing the man's shadow while walking.
A woman walks through a doorway; the light hitting her casts a shadow on the ground.
Kids casting shadows as they walk into the light of an open doorway.
The men holding the weight performed a perfect lunge in the gym
While at the gym I performed a lunge while holding weights.
The girl performs fencing lunges in the gym holding the weight of her sword.
A woman holding weights performs a lunge in a gym.
The man likes to stand here on the street with a bowl with a banana in it on his head.
There is a bowl of bananas on the head of the woman standing in the street.
The banana bowls are at the head of sales, people will stand on the street waiting to buy!
A man standing in the street selling fresh bananas in a bowl on his head.
I ask my boyfriend to fry an egg and transfer it from the pan to a plate,
The man finished frying the egg and transfered it from the pan to the plate.
The egg fried in the pan and then was transferred to the plate.
The girl fried eggs in a pan and transferred them to a plate.
A fried egg is seen in the pan and then transferred to a white plate.
The boy continues to drop the baton while learning his routine, but picks it up and tries again.
The conductor drops the baton, picks it up and continues his routine.
A man will continue to drop and pick up a baton for a routine
She drops the baton, but picks it back up and continues with the routine.
The boy rode the bicycle on the road around the wooded area.
The people rode bicycles on the road to the wooded area.
She took a ride on her bicycle on the road through the wooded area
A man is riding a specialized bicycle on a snowy road through a wooded area
The musician drums out a beat, using the finger on his left hand, on top of the table.
A woman beats the top of a drum using the fingers on her right hand.
The boy beat the top of the drum with the fingers on his right hand.
A person drumming a beat with their hands and fingers on a desk top.
The man filled the cart with his belongings, pulling it to sit in the chair next to the street.
The chair fills the cart and pulling it down the street is very hard.
I filled the cart with the chair and pulled it down the street to my destination
She pulls the cart filled with old chairs down the street.
A man pulling a cart filled with many wooden chairs down a city street.
When the boy wiped his face with his shirt it exposed his belly.
The guy used his shirt to wipe his face, leaving his belly exposed.
She wipes her face with her shirt, exposing her belly.
The small boy is using his blue shirt to wipe his face, exposing his belly.
Blow your nose, turn your head to cough, and wear a scarf, while pouring tea from the teapot.
The man wore the teapot on his head while blowing his nose.
The group of guys wore a teapot and blew the mans nose while standing on the head on lettuce.
A man wearing sunglasses with teapot on his head blowing his nose.
She was wearing sunglasses while drinking water from the bottle.
Drink a bottle of water while you wear sunglasses.
The man wearing the sunglasses drank a bottle of water.
A woman wearing sunglasses is drinking a bottle of water
He pour water on the sponge and started cleaning side of the pool.
Sponges are used to clean the sides of the pool pouring water.
A man pours chlorine onto a sponge and cleans the sides of a pool.
A man pours cleanser onto a sponge and starts cleaning the tiles on the side of a pool.
While looking at the gallery, the girl held her bag of her photos and dreamed.
The gallery holds a photo of a girl looking in a bag.
She holds the bag of photos while she looks at the museum gallery.
A girl is looking at photos in the gallery holding a red bag.
The hiker wears a heavy backpack and sits at the side of the mountain trail.
A man sits while wearing his backpack on the side of a mountain.
The hiker sits on the side of a mountain and wears a backpack.
Sit for a moment at the mountain side while you wear your backpack and take in the scene.
one person wearing a backpack sitting on the side of a rocky mountain.
After weaving a basket, the crafts person used glue to apply some decals she cut out.
The woman uses cut rope to weave a basket and then uses glue to apply decorations.
The woman cuts the twine, weaves the basket, then applies the glue.
A person cuts pieces of a woven basket and then applies glue to them.
The lady took a shot and licked the salt off her hand.
She licked the salt off her hand and took the shot.
A man licks salt from his hand after taking a shot of tequila.
A guy is licking salt from his hand and taking shots.
Everybody watched while the cheerleaders went out on the court and performed their routine.
The coach watched the cheerleaders on the court perform their routine.
A cheerleader performs in a court by routine and looks at the watch.
Cheerleaders perform a routine on a basketball court as fans watch along.
The man paused at the building to examine the table left out front.
I took a pause to examine the table in front of the building.
Two people pause near a table to examine something in front a building.
A toddler holds a toy phone to her ear and pretends to talk.
A toddler is playing in the floor and his mother is watching him over holding a phone on her ear and talks to somebody.
The toddler holds the phone to her ears and talks into it.
A toddler holds a phone to his ear and speaks baby talk into it.
A girl fixed hair in front of the mirror and decided to wear a different shirt.
A woman wearing a blue shirt is fixing her hair in front of a mirror.
A woman should fix her hair in a mirror and a man should wear a shirt
A girl wearing a blue shirt fixing her hair while looking into a pink mirror.
The short girl puts her face near the fountain and accidentally sprays herself.
The girl lowered her face into the fountain and put ppl short fountain over the hole and caused it to spray
I put my face inside the water at a fountain, and after that I look a short boy holding a pepper spray coming at me.
The short boy put the face in the fountain spray.
A young girl in black shorts is putting her face in water spray from a fountain.
A man talk to a woman while she puts sticks onto a fire in the background.
Parents talk in the background while a boy puts a stick in the fire.
The man put the stick into the fire, his wife talking to a girl in the background.
A man puts a stick in a small fire while people talk in the background.
The girl sat down  with crossed legs to massage the foot.
The lady will sit and cross her leg to massage her  foot.
A person sitting with legs crossed is massaging their foot up and down.
A lady walks out of a mall, wearing a costume.
The lady wanted to wear a costume to walk around the mall.
A lady walks to the mall wearing a costume.
Three ladies wearing costumes walking through a mall.
The boy sits on the floor, scribbling on a page with a dull point pencil which needs sharpening.
To make his point clear, Rafael sat on the floor and started writing on each page with his pencil in hand.
The man pointed to the floor with a pencil for the class to sit and read page 2.
A little boy sits on the floor pointing at book pages with a pencil.
The team who wore the red shirts forced the ball from the player's hand which caused a fumble and the team was unable to score.
A player wearing the home team shirt successfully kicked his ball into the goal net, adding another point to his team's score.
The score was up while the player wore his lucky shirt to the ball game.
After, a player wearing red t - shirt kick the ball and scores for his team.
The nurse bumped her knee on the bed and told a lie that she had to shave.
The nurse had to shave the patient's knee while he was lying on the hospital bed
The patient lies on the bed while the nurse shaves his knee.
A nurse shaves a person's knee while they lay in bed.
The pitcher regretted wearing the new uniform because it was tight in his shoulder and made it harder to throw the baseball.
A pitcher wearing a uniform throws a baseball.
He was wearing his baseball uniform when someone threw a pitcher of water at him.
A baseball pitcher wearing a blue, red and white uniform is about to throw a baseball.
The puppy really seems to enjoy playing tug-o-war with that fabric strip.
A strip of fabric was used for the puppy to play tug of war.
The fabric strip was used by the puppies for tug-of-war.
Two puppies are playing tug-of-war with a blue strip of fabric.
A skier hit a jump and landed on a hill
The skier jumped from the hill and hit land.
A skier did jump on the hill and accidentally hit the tree and land on the ground.
A skier goes down a hill and hits a jump, then lands on his back.
A man driving a car witnessed a couple of teenagers walk over to a wall to clean up graffiti.
A couple walks to the car and sees graffiti on the wall.
The couple noticed a wall with graffiti as they walked to their car in the parking lot.
A young couple walks between a wall with graffiti and an old car
I wanted to sit, but my kid wanted to hang on the tree like a flag.
The kid and the flag hang on the tree, sit in front of it.
A kid sits in the tree and watches his neighbor hang a flag.
A kid hangs a flag on a tree above where is sitting.
A mix of kids and adults sitting by a tree that has different colored flags hanging around it.
Sprinkle and powder the sugar on top of the cake.
The woman sprinkled powder sugar on top of the cake.
I powder and sprinkle the sugar on top of the cake.
The baker sprinkles a powder of sugar on top of a cake.
The woman is sprinkling powdered sugar on top of the cake.
The goers leave to look at the writer's heart.
The writer thinks it is time to leave because it looks like the concert goers heart was broken.
Beach goers look at a heart left in the sky by a sky writer.
He comes beside a tree and tried to climb to the top of it and begins to tie the rope around the branch
When you come to the rock wall, you can begin to climb the rope to the top.
A man is climbed to the top of the room with a rope and then began coming down.
I used my foot to pick up marbles and placed them in a cup.
I picked up a marble with my foot and placed it in a cup.
The girl picked a marble up with her foot and placed it in the cup.
I picked up the cup full of marbles and placed it on the foot of the bed.
A woman picks up marbles with her foot and places them in a glass cup.
The artist carries his paint in a sack to the front of the wall where she will paint her graffiti.
A boy carries a sack that contains the paint he used to write graffiti on the front wall of the building.
The teenager carried his sack of spray paint toward the graffiti wall on the front of the building.
An older woman is carrying a large red sack in front of a wall covered by graffiti.
Man holds football upright on field to be kicked.
The group of guys kicked the football across the field and held the team upright.
The team got in trouble for holding on the football field, and  The kicker stood upright and kicked the ball into the field goal.
The player holds the football upright and then kicks it down the field.
A man kicks a football held by a tee through the uprights on a football field
A male worked on the street to sell food for money.
The male was selling food on the street to make money.
The male sell food on the street for money.
The young male makes money selling food on the street.
A group of students chew gum, scratch their noses and whisper to their friends in class.
A woman scratched her nose and ear while chewing gum after hearing a soft whisper.
A woman whispers while scratching her nose and chewing some gum.
I can scratch my nose while I listen to you whisper and chew your gum.
A boy is chewing gum and then scratches his nose while whispering.
A boy sits on a stool to milk a cow by pinching the utter.
She sits on the stool milking the cows utter.
The man sits on his stool to milk the cow from the utter.
A toddler sits on a stool under a cow as she milks the cows utters.
I smile as I hug the robot that wears sunglasses.
The robot wears sunglasses and smiles while it hugs the sick children.
I want to hug the robot as he smiles qnd wears his sunglasses.
a young asian woman wearing sunglasses and a tan jacket smiles and hugs a wooden robot
The man walked down the street to the store that sells cigarettes and flowers.
A man was selling cigarettes to people walking on the street, as they were admiring the flowers.
The girl walked along the street smoking her cigarette looking for flowers to sell.
A man walking through the streets selling flowers and cigarettes.
The teenager took a look on her screen to check the train times, before sitting down and wearing the headphones with them.
The girl need to sit down and wear her headphones while looking at the screen showing the movie.
Sit and look at your own screen in the library, and always wear a headphone.
People looking at computer screens, sitting in blue chairs and wearing headphones
An individual jumps a fence and wears a masks and has a match in his hand.
Individuals who fence wear masks during a match.
The little girl wearing a mask, was watching the individual light a match through the fence.
Two individuals wearing masks take part in a fencing match.
A girl listens to background music while she rides her bike in the snow.
The man rode his bike through the snow, listening to the christmas music in the background.
They were riding on a bike in the snow and there was light music in the background.
People ride bikes through the snow while music plays in the background.
The player reached over the line to backhand the shuttlecock and win the competition.
It was fierce competition as the underdog player reached over the net and backhanded the shuttlecock into play for the win.
The player reached for the shuttlecock in the competition and gave it a backhand.
A female badminton player reaching to backhand the shuttlecock at a school competition.
The woman sat on a pile of rocks and knitted a hat.
The old woman sat near a pile of rocks while knitting a hat.
The woman sat on top of a pile of rocks while she knit a hat.
old man knitting hat while sitting on a pile of rock
A dentist looks a lady while wearing a mask.
The dentist wears gloves and a mask as he looks at the lady.
The dentist asked the nice lady to wear the mask and look up.
A lady is wearing a mask at the dentist looking happy
The man fixed the light on the top of the roof without wearing a shirt.
The man used his shirt to fix the light on top of the roof.
That guy didn't bother wearing his shirt or any kind of top or even use a light in order to fix the roof
Man during sunny afternoon top of roof fixing light without shirt.
The farmer worked on the barrel with his tools - he needed a form of improvised transport for his cabbages.
To complete the work, they had to use their tools to improvise a barrel out of scrap wood to transport the debris out of the way.
To transport goods to work, one could improvise a barrel car with some tools.
Old man using an improvised broken wheel barrel to transport his tools for work.
While sitting on the step, the girl eats her bag lunch and drinks water from a cup.
The girl sits on the step and pulls an apple and cup out of her bag to eat for lunch.
The man with a bag and cup sat on the step to eat.
A person has large bags while sitting on steps eating from a cup
The cat cuts with its claws and the mouse begins to squirm.
Every time my cat would cut me with its claws,  I begin to squirm loudly.
I will begin to squirm when the cat  uses its claws to cut into my shirt.
She then begins cutting a cat's claws while the cat squirms around.
A girl dances to a song in kitchen while washing dishes in the sink.
The woman did a little dance while the song played as she washed a dish at the sink.
A man makes a song and dance out of washing dishes in the sink.
The boy had to ride his bike carefully across the board to not lose his balance and fall into the stream.
The man riding the board lost his balance and fell.
I got to ride in an ambulance after someone threw a beer bottle at me causing me to lose my balance and fall off the board.
A woman riding a hover board loses her balance and falls.
A girl opens a pack of tissues and wipes her nose.
The woman opened the pack of tissues to wipe running noses.
The woman opens the pack of tissues to wipe her nose.
A baby opens a pack of tissues and then wipes her nose.
The worker attempted to stand in the brick street.
A worker made an attempt to stand on a brick in the street.
The worker stands in the street and attempts to build a brick wall.
Construction workers stand in a street attempting to move bricks.
The golfer went to the golf club wearing pants and a jacket.
A golfer should wear a nice pair of pants and a nice jacket, along with a bag to put their set of clubs inside.
At the golf club, golfers should wear a jacket, pants and hat
The golfer wears a jacket and pants while swinging his club.
The man holds the gear and uses the picture taken by the mirror.
Rally drivers adjust the mirror and hold the gear photojournalists take their picture.
The girl  holding the mirror took a picture of the  gear.
Man taking a picture in the mirror while holding her gear.
For exercise,the men tied the rope to the wall and watched it wave.
The man tied the rope to the wall and waved it to exercise.
The gym owner decided to tie a rope to the wall so you could make a wave in it for exercise.
The woman exercises with a rope tied to the wall that she waves up and down.
A man in a gym exercises by waving ropes tied to a wall.
A man shuts his eyes and hangs his head while squeezing the hand of his wife.
A man squeezes his eyes shut and hangs his head.
The boys eyes were shut and his head hung low, he was squeezing his mother's hand.
Hanging her head, someone squeezes her eyes shut.